I've stayed at many Marriott and Renaissance Marriott's and this was a huge disappointment! The front desk and atrium is nice..there is a starbucks on site which is nice.  The rooms are run down and old.  There is a flat screen but that is to be expected of a Renaissance.  We got this hotel via Priceline at a rate of $75/night...good deal for the price but this is not a true Renaissance.,|,
The food is always great here. The service from both the manager as well as the staff is super. Only draw back of this restaurant is it's super loud. If you can, snag a patio table!,|,
This place used to be a cool, chill place. Now its a bunch of neanderthal bouncers hopped up on steroids acting like the can do whatever they want. There are so many better places in davis square where they are glad you are visiting their business. Sad that the burren is now the worst place in davis.,|,
Probably one of the better breakfast sandwiches I've ever had. I had the EGGMEATMUFFIN, the bread was toasted perfectly and the bacon was a real thick cut. Not that lame bacon we are more familiar with at your conventional breakfast diner. In addition, the place was clean and the staff was very helpful. The butcher had several different cuts available and was knowledgable as well as friendly. I left with some cuts of pork and beef and am excited to come back!,|,
I work in the Pru and this is the most affordable and tasty place in the food court.  deals where a meal is $5-$7 and the chicken pesto is really good.   I am not a chowda person but all there soups I have had are pretty damn good.  Broccoli chicken is my favorite.  Also, probably the most personable Food court staff I have ever had the pleasure of ordering from.,|,
They NEVER seem to get our  order correct, service is crappy, food is inconsistent and has gone down hill steadily in the last 6-9 months! WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!,|,
This is a five-star restaurant if ever I have seen one! Maurice, one of the owners, met us at the front door, Daniel a seasoned waiter from Hawaii, took care of us and the food was over-the-top delicious. This is not just a restaurant, it is an experience!  My son recommended this to us and we are glad that we took his advice. I had the rack of lamb and my wife had the grouper with crab. Save room for dessert! We live in Tallahassee but the next time we are in Orlando it's back to Chatham's!,|,
Great coffee and pastries. Baristas are excellent. All the other staff are sooooo lost and vacant.,|,
Nothing special but good enough.  I like another one much better in Dorchester, but hardly get to that area, so Le's is my goto place for Pho,|,
I think their rice dishes are way better than their Pho's. Also I really like their sandwiches and spring rolls. I took a friend who haven't had viennese food ever. He absolutely love it.,|,
Best station to fill up around in my opinion. Attendants are super friendly. They also carry bio diesel! Been running this in my Dodge for couple years w/o any issues. With Safeway right on same corner, the rewards really make this a favorite gas stop. Thanks!,|,
This place is truly a hidden gem (literally hidden as you have to walk through a Chinese restaurant to get there).  The place is small, cozy, and charming inside.  And the food is better than what you might find in the north end.  The service is great and the servers do a great job at pronouncing the specials to you like a true Italian! Make sure you make a reservation as it does book up rather quickly.,|,
3.5 stars! I got the avocado margarita and it was delicious! Customer service was OK, but they were busy. The food was better than expected and the meat wasn't overly salty. I will definitely return!!!,|,
I love ale house. I'm here all the time. The 1 star isn't for the place or for the service. The 1 star is for the management. You give absolutely zero respect to the game of soccer.  I've been coming here since you opened and I've seen numerous times where you understaff for finals of tournaments where years past have shown you will be at capacity.   It's a shame you have a great establishment and great employees. If only management could sort it out this place would be 5 stars,|,
This has not been a pleasant experience. According to our server, the restaurant is short on staff. This means our service has been frightfully slow. We have been here over an hour with receiving our food. Most of the food was good, except for the steak that was tough. This is a trendy place. Great spot to be seen. Food is just okay.,|,
best pizza on a busy street! my kids love it. i've been recommending to everyone who has a birthday party in that area to order from pizzapalooza and they are not disappointed. the pizza is thick, square and yummY! so many varieties, i love their pasta with meatball too! They also serve ice cream. This is a good value comfort food place for me and my family.,|,
Had the worst experience there today when I tried to have a breakfast. The service was slow waited at least 30 min for my French toast and when it got there I pulled a long grosse hair out of it. I'm never going there again!,|,
I wanted this to be a great place, but I wasn't impressed.  I went there for dinner on a Monday.  I tried the pulled pork sandwich--it seemed like a sort of specialty.  My husband had the burger.  The buns left something to be desired.  The fries were okay but a little cold.  But at about $10 per entree for bar food, it wasn't as good as it should have been.  Service was fine--they were overstaffed.  I don't think I will be back anytime soon.,|,
Incredible donuts. Sometimes you have to go early to have the full selection but the donuts never disappoint.,|,
New owner is raising the bar with designer womens clothing.,|,
Dont bother going to voodoo, just come here instead. They have such unique flavors and everything is so fresh. Oh, and try their cold brew too!,|,
Bummer. I was very disappointed.  So I finally stopped in for take out.  I got the fried haddock sandwich with fries.  The fries were frozen and greasy..  The haddock sandwich was not good.  Tasted  very fishy and frozen.  I had such high hopes their take out would be good.,|,
Overall is good, is worth the line up I don't think so, mainly Instagram addict's go here. Believe me the food is great, service is ok, the hype about it I still dont get it.,|,
It's a pleasure doing business with them. Very good service and hospitable staff.,|,
The ramen here is less than great. It came out luke warm and oily. The service we received was NOT good. I will not be returning.,|,
This place has everything-I finally found Dogfish 120m IPA! If they don't have it the store, ask if they have it in the back.,|,
We had lunch there on a Sunday afternoon and it was great.  We ordered 2 gluten free pizzas and both were uniquely delicious!  The service was great and it was an overall fantastic experience.  Will definitely be back.,|,
For the price we paid (about $50 for 2 people) the food was only so-so and the service was AWFUL. Our waitress sounded like a robot, and we had to grab another waiter several times because she never came back to check on us. The food came out and it looked like it had been sitting in the back a while, it was barely warm and a film had formed over the top of my ravioli. Overall, very unimpressed and I don't think I would go back or recommend this location to a friend.,|,
Fix the Beer.  The hardware is the problem. At least 15 out of the 45 taps are faulty.  Sorry guys, but I have given you 5 years and other customers will notice, Please Scott.,|,
its the best pizza hut i'v found in florida always got great deals & offers the staff are very friendly & make you feel welcome and if you have children with you they make them feel extra special & welcome them in a huge way too,|,
Perfect spices, nice atmosphere & music, great lighting and decor. Even the restroom area is pretty cool.  Will definitely come again.,|,
Was not that great. We sat for like 15 mins before getting our drink orders done. We were literally the only table in the restaurant taken. We had like 3 different waiters. Appetizers all came out within like 5-10 min intervals of each other. All 3 of us ordered 2 different rolls and it took like 30 mins to come out. Sushi was alright but I would say to much for the quality.,|,
5 stars for the location, it's absolutely wonderful. I ordered the shamrock bubble tea, which was one of the best I've ever had. I am subtracting a star for service however.  It was the barista that was so put out by waiting on us and then the 10-15 minutes it took to make the bubble tea... That's a bit long for a drink.,|,
Located in the German Village, this Cup o Joe is the best in the chain, in my opinion.  A huge dessert selection and drink menu ensure that there's something for everyone's taste.  The atmosphere is casual, comfortable, and relaxing.  Free WiFi and a location right next to the Book Loft ensure that this place will always be doing business, despite the Starbucks across the street.,|,
Called in flowers over the phone and I was pretty unimpressed with the arrangement they delivered.,|,
What a gorgeous restaurant ! Three very different rooms to dine from three different parts of the world . Wow I am impressed, the food was amazing . Animal kingdom is just getting better and better by adding this gem. Avatar (pandora ) is set to open in May, can't wait!,|,
Jacks is the place to be.  The food is exceptional, I recommend the calzones! Or one of their funky pizza slice creations (hotdog pizza ect)! They have some good alcohol prices and a good atmosphere. During dinner it's always packed though so be prepared to sit out back!,|,
My favorite hangout, great music, unpretentious cool people and cheep PBR. Besides the concerts, The most fun nights are "Heroes"(80ies Party) and "xMortis"(Goth),|,
Joey is the best and my cut grows out evenly and each day is like a new style.  Highly recommend him!,|,
Nice staff. Subpar food for the price.,|,
Unbelievably rude hostess  No respect to customers.  Server, Dani was the only reason for us to stay... The level of unprofessionalism and unpleasant look that the two hostesses gave are just horrible. I have never experienced this low level of customer service...,|,
My brother in law suggested this place, and we came here right after arriving in Orlando, so we were starving.  The service was good, the food was absolutely terrible. Every single dish. I ordered the mofongo de camarones (shrimp with mashed plantain). The shrimp came separate, and the garlic sauce lacked any flavor - it didn't even taste like garlic! The sauce that typically comes with this dish (in a separate cup) looked and tasted like oil. So gross.  I would never eat here again.,|,
Came here for a friends birthday and was impressed! The service was wonderful! Everyone is so friendly and helpful, the chef even came over and said hi. I ordered the duck, it was delicious, very flavorful! The only complaint I had was that it was just duck, no side. Although it was good it was a little weird to eat just duck for dinner.,|,
Soooo good!  Amazing biscuits, awesome jelly and perfect for a quick breakfast. I'll try the donuts next time. The biscuits are large, thick and not too salty. Up there on the best biscuit list in Austin.,|,
Great place... delicious tapas and very nice wine list... I didnt try any of the specialty cocktails but I'll in my next visit!,|,
This place really hits the spot after a long day of shopping on Newbury st.  I finally get to sit down after walking for hours, eat some good sushi , drink some good miso soup and re-energize for more shopping.  Even though the sushi men at this place can be a little creepy, I love this place and it will forever be my lunch spot when i'm shopping in the area  xo Alena,|,
Realize this is a small cafe local hang out.  But wow the food was a big surprise. Lots of flavor and tons of quality and great value to boot. Everything is made from scratch. Simple awesome and a place I will run back to.,|,
We've been big fans of Occidental and Urban German and couldn't wait for this to open. It didn't disappoint! The schnitzel was amazing and we can't wait to go back for the spätzle...it was already sold out! Bridge views make this place over the top! So glad this is in St Johns and can't wait to go back!,|,
Stopped in for lunch, was pleasantly surprised! We ordered garlic cheese bread, the pizza lovers flatbread and chicken piccata. All were very delicious. The service was great, the food was great, the music makes you feel like you are in Italy. We will be back for sure!,|,
We asked them about adding the gooey half boiled eggs that you'd be able to get at any other ramen place - and they only serve hard boiled eggs! This just seemed extremely weird to us and as owners of a ramen shop I would highly recommend they add that to their menu. Sorry but it's a necessity. As for our meals, they were unremarkable. Extremely bland and I honestly regret wasting time, money, and calories.,|,
The cost isn't expensive and it is very good. For me, places like Voodoo is too sweet for me, but it is not the case for Donut Palace. The donut itself is very airy and absolutely delicious when bitten down. I have only been there once, but I'm already enjoying it a lot!,|,
Worst food ever ... It was my wife's birthday and we were in Orlando celebrating by going to bunch of theme parks ... She is so fond of indo Chinese cuisine , so I really wanted to eat out ... Pulled out yelp and saw this place advertised so .... It was the most disappointing experiance ..  That f'ing place does not even know what is indo Chinese , they even justified it is indo Chinese .... Pls avoid this place ....the server was an a'Hole who was suggesting all crap ...,|,
The dishes were executed flawlessly and they were presented beautifully. Minus a star for the seemingly rushed service. Our server breezed through the description of the dishes.   All in all, it was a great dining experience. (Had the 14 course meal with pairing.),|,
Never in years of Legal Seafood dedication have I had a bad meal here, EVER. A crab roll comes on a buttered & grilled roll so light it's almost ethereal. Really it's an amazing roll and just amplifies the quality of the crabmeat.   The salads are terrific but the best part might be the servers. Warm, attentive and helpful, just trust me- you'll eat here every chance you get!,|,
Still an exceptional restaurant with several new menu items including a gimmicky (and tasty) "sorta-Asian" fried chicken and waffles.  I'm a spicy food fan with a fire resistant pallete, but the hot sauce with the otherwise-excellent chicken wings was WAY over applied and actually ruined my whole dinner.  Service has gotten slow, forgetful and a little too cool for school (second time we've noticed this...).,|,
Been here a few times.  One of the better individual hotpot places around the lower mainland. Portions are good. Price is decent considering you are cooking your own food. I always leave full. Light years better then firepot in burnaby. Definitely a try if you like hotpot,|,
This place is just plain great. Food is great and very unique. Service is impeccable. The Vodka cocktail is a must try if you like vodka. I ended  my dining experience with a chocolate pudding...I am in heaven. If you are in the area please do not miss this place. Cheers!!!,|,
My friend and I came to Austin in July. We both needed a little pampering and boy did we get it! Wonderful spa and a great massage! I can't wait to go back and visit again!,|,
Nice music, excellent service, reasonable prices. The staff is super friendly and food is delicious and fairly priced. Potstickers and Mac and cheese were amazing. The bacon jam burger is my favorite. I love this place. You should go!,|,
This is the best place specially during summer evenings . They do provide outer dining area , which is really beautiful . Staff is very friendly .food and drinks are good,|,
What a quaint little authentic Argentinan restaurant.  Located east of Downtown Austin, but close enough to downtown.  They had delicious meat and spinach empandas.  All types of Argentinan wines to choose from as well to encompass the flavors of South America.  We ordered the pork tenderloin for dinner and  the gnocchi.  I LOVED the gnocchi! I thought it was so good! For dessert we had the chocolate creme brulee.  It was delicious too!,|,
Wow!!! Absolutely the BEST donuts I've EVER had!!! Tried old fashion glazed, Mexican hot chocolate (favorite!!!) & apple fritters...and no kidding...BEST EVER!!! Dense, moist & DEEEEE-lightful!!! A must if you're in the area!!! Yummmmmmm!!!,|,
We ate at this place all three mornings we were in Orlando this past weekend. The food was awesome and the servings were large! The first and third day we had breakfast there the service was so amazing! The two different ladies were very attentive and super friendly. The second day (different lady) was not as great but she was busy and alone so I will give her that. The place was very clean and a great atmosphere. Definitely recommended!,|,
It was my very first visit  the service was awesome and they assured me that I would love the food. And guess what I definitely  love the food  hands down. It was very clean and also a nice bar you can even set outside for that summer  fun. Try them for yourself. I'll  be a regular ....,|,
Dime a dozen lounge near the Douche Ranch.  Meh.,|,
Best theater ever.  Great seats great service.  You gonna spend some money but it's worth it if your a movie buff.  Got to go,|,
Out if the three burrito places on Huntington by Northeastern, this "fast food" is my favorite. They have pretty high quality amazing-tasting food, and always change up their menu so you aren't always ordering a normal burrito. I love the burrito bowls, personally.,|,
This is a place to be in the morning while visiting Portland!  Blue Star donuts have incredible sweets and savory delights to choose from. The donuts here are just mouth watering and glorious to look at while being in line because for one they are moist and not overall sweet for anyone who may be a sweet tooth.  Great thing to know is that the lines aren't too long which you may have imaged and I have to say its not like Voodoo donuts and that's for sure.,|,
Delicious shirini (sweets) and the best napoleans in the northeast!,|,
The best sushi at Orlando. Excellent service and great ambience to enjoy the food and relax.,|,
This place is pretty cool! The ambiance has more of a nightclub feel. Music playing, an older crowd (wouldn't recommend for families since it was just so loud and dark). We ordered a variety of items and the food was just ok. I was expecting more because of the price point and the location.  The worst was the sushi. I don't think I'll be back. Just not my cup of tea.,|,
My preferred Austin area restaurant. Quality food & servce.  Great value. Consider spliting a meail to engae the Gumbo & dessert. Best in Austin.  Check hours for lunch & dinner.,|,
I had so much fun walking up and down the aisle's of this store. There was so much variety of products and so many neat (and super cute) things for great prices. I ended up buying way more than I needed, but it was so worth the price and I can't wait to come back here!!!,|,
My first day. Had a hungry three year old. Ate in the lobby. They forgot our order. We waited over an hour. What a painful memory. This was right off the plane. Meal comped but that doesn't take it away. Hope that they aren't like this to others. Not like they were nasty or malicious. And the shuttle? Great but not great if you are leaving late. If you leave first thing in the morning it's good. Otherwise great hotel very well maintained.,|,
Eating healthy I had the turkey burger it was great. No fries and water w lemon. #JackLimeTeam had a great time. #Anchorman2,|,
Super fan of this spot in downtown! Came out for a lunch meeting and was surprised at how good it truly was.  Ordered the Lamb Gyro platter with side of Hummus and Babaghanoush. Platter has a good portion of lamb on top of a small amount of rice... served with pita and pita chips.   Great Lunch spot. My new fav Mediterranean food place in Orlando!,|,
Really tasty and very fresh food. We ordered a salad, a gyro, hummus and baklava and everything was delicious and really fresh. Only subtracted one star because they need a water filter on their drinks. They all have a funky taste. I will def be back often and just buy the Mexican cokes to go with.,|,
This place is good! You have to stop and try if your in Austin. I had the Raspberry white chocolate shake and a burger. Best burger place in Austin.,|,
I found this Thai restaurant at yelp!  Small, cozy restaurant. Service was good. Food was excellent!! Will visit again.,|,
Excellent subs at a reasonable price. A huge variety too for those picky eaters that can't decide on what to settle for. Come with an empty stomach and enjoy a great turkey and ranch or one of their other 100 subs!,|,
Amazing.   Tasty food, good waiter recommendations, good service, fair prices.  If you're in JP and craving Indian - come here. Or if you're in Brookline, Cambridge, Somerville...jump on the 39 and get over here.   Get the chicken curry.  Another recommendation is the duck on the chef's special list.,|,
Meh. Average Thai food at above average prices. The menu offers nothing  new or creative. Just the standard Thai fare. Prices are easily 50-100% higher than better quality food from restaurants in Woburn and Lowell. Next time I will drive an extra 5 minutes.,|,
If you have driven past this place several times, you have missed a great opportunity for Costa Rican food those same several times. The food is good, fresh, and it feels homemade. Check it out, and make sure to try things that are from Costa Rica, not just your comfortable Mexican fare. Family-run, small location, super tasty.,|,
First time here the staff was wonderful and the food was very well prepared and tasty. I am very particular about Italian restaurants and this one is very good. We will be back often I am sure. The only problem I see is they might need more room very quickly,|,
The Barking Crab was a family tradition for us for years before I moved to Boston. Once a summer, when visiting our family in the city, we would go to the Barking Crab for some decent food and wonderful atmosphere. Sadly, once I became vegetarian, the menu became extremely limited for me, which made it much less appealing. But still, many happy memories from the Barking Crab! Great family place!,|,
Meatloaf was very good ....I had a very good meal here. Staff was very friendly as well. Place was quiet and was very relaxing. Prices are fair. Something for everyone on the menu and breakfast all day. I'll be back.,|,
It honestly takes them forever to bring food after you've ordered it. It really doesn't even matter if they're busy or not nor does it matter what you order it will be a long time before they bring it. I must admit other than that it's a cool dive bar.,|,
Hard to find good interior Mexican food around here. I had the pescado yucatano. So delicious. Everyone else enjoyed their tex mex. Reasonable prices, too!,|,
A good place for a break from the dining hall fare I usually deal with @ Wellesley.... I prefer Cambridge One for the same feel - gourmet pizzas and salads. It is a nice casual dinner - in addition, it is one of the few places in Wellesley (a dry town) that has a license to serve mixed drinks and they are good.   The spicy chicken sausage pizza or blanco is the way to go.,|,
I'm going up update my review to 5 stars.  The restaurant has updated the menu and it is the best of both worlds- more like the old Castle Hill with a lot of the new favorites still on the menu.  The service is excellent with experienced professional servers.  The food is always consistent.,|,
Had a amazing dinner. Price was on point nothing over the top. Food quality was great. Only thing was they were so busy that service was hard but still wasn't to a point that is bad. The lobster was yummy and so was the sides.,|,
I shall give 3.5 stars. The dining environment is great and you can tell how food is cooked by sitting on the bar seats. The food is nice but a little salty. Other is good.,|,
We went there for restaurant week and had an amazing experience. The service was among the best I've ever experienced and the food was also incredible. They were able to accommodate many allergies and food preferences at my table without any problems.,|,
The Jajangmyeon noodles entree is decent. The service is poor. I will not be returning.,|,
This place is amazing. From the staff, to the food, and the decor. Went during lunch and the food options are amazing. The bakery goods look so delicious. Order the artichoke eggs Benedict. Every bite was worth it. The wait staff is great. Very helpful and friendly. Worth the stop.,|,
Went here with my family and friends (4 adults 2 young children). The hostess and waiter were incredibly accommodating and kind to us. The service was fantastic and the  food was delicious and fresh! We all had a special pesto linguini with seafood (lobster, jumbo shrimp, and scallops). It was out of this world!  We will definitely be coming back many times!! Totally recommend if you are looking for great food, great atmosphere, and amazing service!,|,
Jerk chicken didn't taste authentic. Chicken  taco had bone in it. Restaurant is in food court of flea market so don't expect atmosphere.,|,
Great comfortable place for wings and a beer. Staff is super friendly and the whole place has a good vibe. All walks of life are welcomed here and fit in seamlessly. Wish this chain existed in Cincy.,|,
Best black 'n bleu cheese burger I ever did have! Cozy too!,|,
Excellent view. Nice pub menu. The Cuban was excellent. You order at the bar and are given a buzzer to pick up your food. I like that they serve the food as it's ready, and do not wait for everything to be ready to call you up. The beer menu was extensive, but the tap water tasted funny. Stick with bottled water!,|,
3 stars just because the food is good.   Service is so slow, calling it fast food is misleading.  1st time: went to the restaurant to place an order - wait time 20 mins. 2nd time: placed an order online to save time. Got to the place in 20 mins as per the online order, the ORDER NEVER WENT through. Guess what - ANOTHER 20 mins to prepare the food.   40 MINS for Fast Food... Really!!???,|,
Best pedicure I've had in a very long time! Definitely going back. My manicurist took her time and gave me the royal treatment. I highly recommend.,|,
Super cute retro-chic sewing shop! It has a small but compelling selection of patterns, fabric and notions. Shopkeeper was nice and laid back, offered us hot tea. I wish I lived in the South End so I could take sewing classes here!,|,
Consistently good mexican food. Not a super diverse menu, but not just a taco or burrito only menu either. Decent prices and friendly service.,|,
Still a fan of the maki and the specials, but I've decided that everyone should pass on the margaritas.  I've tried several of their unique margaritas, which sound fun but taste awful.  I had the watermelon one last night and couldn't take more than 2 sips because it was so sour.  Stick with their beer or saki.,|,
I had been coming here for years, but Habana's has lost it ways. The food was so bad and expensive.  Bad food that cost a lot leaves you feeling more than a little ripped off.  The drink menu does not have prices,  this is because a glass of wine is 10 dollars.  The $23 Lechon Asado could have been mistaken for bad jerky.   There are NOW much better Cuban here in Austin, let this one fade away.,|,
Fabulous!! We had dinner delivered, a gift for travelers!!! The food was incredible!! And the price was very reasonable! Thanks! And the service, the delivery man, SO nice!! The wait, was long, but worth it!!!,|,
Enjoyed the food, just not so much the ordering style. Basically you order as if you are in a sushi joint. You check off what you'd like. But, there were quite a few options, more than I would like to see when I'm hungry.   With that said, the food was good, the server was very nice and helpful (albeit very quite/low voice), and I would definitely go back!,|,
We recently moved & started using their delivery service.  Has been great!!! With two young kids (both under 3), it's just so much easier to have the clothes come to me.  Everything comes back clean & ironed perfectly.,|,
LOVE THIS PLACE!! A true Foodie Favorite!!!!Always creative, always consistent! Great food indeed!! The only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because of the servers. Some servers are very knowledgable and helpful about the ever changing menu items, while others are lacking and not service oriented. I know good help is hard to find, but this is something they can work on to help with the dining experience. Despite that minor tweak, LOVE this place!!!!,|,
Simple menu, reasonable prices.  Delicious bacon, and the banana pancakes are awesome too. It's a great go-to breakfast/brunch joint with the kind of atmosphere you appreciate on a very lazy Sunday morning.   Simple, straight forward breakfast option for anyone who lives in the area. I'll be back.,|,
Overall I had a good experience at Empire.  I came here on a Wednesday for a drink with some friends.  The hostess and server were both quite nice and service overall was spot on (checked in on just often enough).  The drinks were creative and got some good reviews and my scotch was neat!,|,
Clean, comfortable hotel, with good breakfast buffet included. Convenient to the airport, Florida Realtors, and Semoran. Good value for the price. Spacious lobby, and they provide "snack" bags at the front desk with fruit and a granola bar or cookie. At time of this stay major road work was being done on TG Lee & other side streets.,|,
Got a medium birthday cake with vanilla ice cream and devoured it. Could've eaten a large it was so good. Tried Mango too and it was awesome. Reminds me of Jerry's in Memphis. Definitely going to come back here every time I visit Austin.,|,
The Cottonwood is mediocre. I ordered the Twice Stuffed Chicken and my boyfriend got the Seafood Gunpowder. Both were just ok; things I could make at home. The atmosphere was nice, but the food was too pricey for a mediocre meal.,|,
Great stay. Very clean and friendly staff. Love the tv in the bathroom mirror.   The rooms are spacious,  the only negative is that their hallways are not decorated.  Makes it feel not fancy as the rest of the place.,|,
Great burgers and vibes. The staff is always friendly and ready to assist however they can. The food is the real star of this place. I've thoroughly enjoyed the Lamb burger and the ribs so if you'd like some great flavor start there.,|,
Delish.  The only downside is that it is downtown. ;)   If I didn't hate to be around people so much, I'd definitely be back - regularly.   Spot on chicken deliciousness.   It (dare I say it?) may be better than Lucy's. (Shhh don't tell on me!).,|,
Wow, i finally get to go to one of my favorite bbq places from ohio, but here in Atlanta! There pork is always  juicy and the brisket(rare in Georgia) ia always good too. Be sure to ask for a free side of bark, if you like the burnt crusty outside of the meat.,|,
Affordable prices and really good food!! What else can I ask more?? Even tho I saw one guy taking care of the tables (it was lunch time so it was kind of busy) he came often to ask if I wanted something else and how I was doing.. Service is rely good he even recommended a desert.. Going back for sure and bringing some friends!!  I highly recommend this place.. Do yourself a favor and check it out.. I had Lomo saltado Btw..,|,
This is definitely a unique restaurant! We were here on a Friday night and were surprised to find people literally dancing on their tables with a DJ playing a mix of dance music and what I imagine was Greek pop music. The atmosphere was very loud but overall the food was great and the service was excellent. Worth checking out!,|,
Did not enjoy this place at all. The Milky Sake wasn't good. The broth for the beef udon was very bland and the Miso soup was cold. The Japanese fried chicken was flavorful but that's about it.,|,
I think they opened one month ago (July 2014). Excellent Lebanese food at very reasonable prices. Not a fancy place, simple. If you want fancy, go to Al-Wadi, but you will pay double the price for food that you can get here. Easy to get to from Dedham and Rt. 1. Very good!,|,
Server was absolutely amazing tonight. Food and drink was amazing. Outshined our lousy shitty dinner at Bar Louie.,|,
Usually have very good experiance at joes, but my friend's turkey burger was wrong and undercooked (pink) 3 times. Unacceptable in my eyes, and I wont be back at let to this location.,|,
SiP is one of my favorite spots in Boulder. The owners are two of the friendliest people I've ever met and the service couldn't be better. It's a great spot to stop and have a coffee or drink with friends. The flatbread pizzas are fantastic as well! SiP has a fun, laid back atmosphere that is perfect for just about every occasion. I highly recommend to anyone nearby!,|,
I had the pan friend noodles with beef today for lunch. The noodles are made in house and are so delicious! $7.95 special for lunch and you get a huge bowl of noodles. Give this place a try. You won't be disappointed!,|,
Wow loved the food here! The spring rolls were divine. The raspberry lychee drink was sweet and flavorful. The Vietnamese eggplant was delightful. Very lively friendly environment. The waitress was knowledgeable and helpful. Definitely visit again.,|,
They are great ! They have everything you can think of. They always give the kids free hot dogs. They are well priced and I always get the family pack bundles. They not only have friendly workers they work hard to get everyone in and out with a smile and a speedy pace. On another note it smells AMAZING inside.,|,
Wine tastings have a lot of sweet white and reds.  I wish they had more dry options but overall this place is awesome for drinks, apps, and full courses.  I havent had dessert just yet but that just gives me another excuse to go back :).,|,
I came here after a bruins game, loved it. Poutine is one of my all time favorite foods and this is the best I have had in Boston. They have a decent beer selection as well. Only complaint would have been the poutine could have used a little more gravy, was dry once I got to the bottom.,|,
Try the grilled tips, turkey or steak. The char on them is awesome. The wings are better than average and the service is top notch.,|,
This place is great! The coffee is strong, the owner is friendly, and the decor is really cute. So glad I found it!,|,
I'm not a huge fan of chains but I actually enjoy this one. The salad selection is always fresh and sometimes new.   (I did finally have to admit I don't care for quinoa after this visit but it was of no fault of the restaurant.) Each time I've been in the staff and been very friendly and helpful. I try to make it here at least once a month.,|,
Good experience at Barista: nice ambiance, good service. However, the coffee was a bit underwhelming and in my opinion a bit overpriced for the quality.,|,
The food is amazing. Try the mixed grill with the yogurt garlic sauce. And you must get the hot puffed bread and hummus. We always have great food when we eat here and even though we live in Sarasota, we always make a point to eat here when we're in town.   I gave 4 stars because everything is great, food and service, but the restaurant really needs to be dusted. The dusty mirror and shelves were in great need of a thorough cleaning.,|,
In the crazy weather of today (lower 50's with wind and rain), omg... This stuff definitely hit the spot. =)  It was amazing... and i always forget how much i can actually eat until I come here.  YUM!  It's only a bit expensive for my taste... however, it was worth every single penny, especially on a day like today.,|,
The dance floor is kind of small, but this place is great to go to if you feel like getting a little dressed up and mingling with good looking people.  Sometimes the DJ spins house, which is the best.,|,
Tuesday morning was pretty cool went shopping with a friend there's not very many items of the same choice that you want so if you see something you want you better grab it you better buy it. especially if there's a markdown price or it's on sale.  last week I got a killer deal on some glitter glue for our project I've been working on. Only paid 74 cents each and they were larger than normal size bottles,|,
Great quick service despite the fact that every table was full, some with large groups.  Huge portions, so be prepared to eat! Really good food, good coffee. Hash browns are really crispy on top, just the way I like them.,|,
I felt that the menu was limited to regional fare which has been made in a gourmet style in order to justify small portions at reasonably high prices. The actual food was well prepared and tasty, but really,two small fish tacos with no accoutrements is an entree in Austin?  My husband's entree was a piece of chicken.  Period.  Sides are separate.  Now, quality was good, but if I hadn't had peanuts before we went, I'd have left hungry. I also thought the menu was limited.,|,
Phenomenal German cuisine! Best German food in central Florida hands down. Try the German potato salad. You will not regret it.,|,
Phenomenal, is the only word I can use to describe the food here. The ambiance, decor, beer and even service could be at its bottom and I would still drive through a Zombie Apocalypse to get here. However, everything is at epic proportions. Why is there not a line out the door at all times? I thank everyone's hard work in making this one of my favourite restaurants I have been to. If you have not been here you must, the culinary expertise and beer mastery is a thing of beauty.,|,
I HAD ZERO CLUE!!! OMG!!! I could only fit in a 30 minute deep tissue.  I walked in crooked, and walked out STRAIGHT as an arrow.  The tiny little thing jumped on the table and used her knees to unravel my lower back and hips - GET OUT OF TOWN.  I was skeptical, but walked out a believer.,|,
Great food and service. Had the lobster and wife had the scallops. Both were very delicious. The dessert was the banana foster which was outstanding.  Our sides were spinach and broccoli which was ok. Hard to give 5 stars but really great.,|,
This place is really good. Service was fast and efficient. No people screaming from the back which made our dine in experience even better. The food was delicious and the prices were favorable. I would definitely recommend the sesame chicken and orange chicken when they have it.  The inside of the restraunt was very calm, well lit and clean. Give these guys a visit.,|,
Been eating here since it opened. The thrill is now gone but the food is still good and very affordable. Like that I can hit Lee's and Com in one trip for a great selection of international treats.,|,
It is the most convenient store to my house. In spite of the inflated prices i still chose this establishment. The selection is decent but that does not make up for the over all cold demeanor of the staff. They are rarely helpful and make this establishment a piss poor contender in comparison to its competition.,|,
Not as impressed as I thought I would be. The basic pancake order was so large, if I had eaten just half, would killed me. The service was good, but not the friendliest. Worth another visit when not so busy. 5 days ago...Saturday.,|,
Note to the Yelp admin: this place actually closes at 4:55 pm, not 5 pm. Weird, I know, but I went to get an iced coffee on another hot Boston day and when I arrived at 4:55 I waited. I waited a few minutes before someone came over and told me it was closed. Still before 5 pm. Thankfully there's a Starbucks coming in soon across the street so we don't have to settle when we want an afternoon iced coffee.,|,
I ate there on a Wednesday for lunch. I had the Miso soup, which was excellent. I had the Japanese Bento Box "Chilean Bass". Every component was perfectly prepared. The service was quick and friendly. Our waitress was excellent. I would definitely visit this restaurant again.,|,
Consistently my favorite place in Vancouver for breakfast. The prices are great and the portions are intense. Always busy, but never the ridiculous waits you get for popular breakfast places in Portland.,|,
I wouldn't say Rays is the most authentic restaurant for BBQ. It's serviceable at best but the sides are pretty good. My Wife loves the cornbread, beans, and greens. I believe they've shut down recently and I could see why because often times I've noticed you when you go by it's closed.,|,
My food was delicious (salmon, mushrooms and mashed potatoes) but none of my friends seemed to like their meals. Our waiter was awesome though!,|,
This place is fantastic. Everything I've tried is delicious, and it's all you can eat, brought to the table. Don't expect a menu - there isn't one. The owner is a little bizarre, but every time I bring someone new to this place, they're addicted.,|,
Almost always busy, always fantastic and worth the wait. The meat is high quality, the bread is delicious, the condiments are homemade, and the cocktails are classic but imaginative. Always a great place to go for a greater burger.,|,
Love their calzones. Eggplant parm is my favorite and also like buffalo chicken calzone. Generous size and delicious with extra sauce. For take out for a nice treat it is fast and easy. I don't eat meat but my friend loves their steak bomb sub. Every town needs a reliable Italian shop like this.,|,
This is my fav pizza place. I always eat here after I smoke or when I'm hungover and it is heaven on earth sister. A little pricey but I guess it's fine because I recently got a merit increase   I love it tho,|,
I love the low-key vibe of this place.  The staff is great, there aren't any attitudes, and they have a good mix of regulars and first timers that are sure to come back.  It's pretty big, which is great for groups and on busy nights.  There's a large patio out back, and a little nook full of couches inside.  Good beer selection, great prices.,|,
This pharmacy has a terrible customer service. We need to wait 30 minutes for a single prescription drug. There are only 5 people behind us. None of them received their medications in the first 10 minutes. First time and not coming back to Walgreens.   When I asked why so long they told me because this pharmacy is busy! So hire more people!!,|,
I ordered takeout for my boyfriend and me. The fried chicken sandwich was pretty good. I enjoyed the chicken the most. It was just the right amount of crispiness. I liked the bun too, but I'm not sure about everything else in it. I ordered two of the regular fried and it ended up to be so much. Typically that would be a good thing...except it was probably one of the saltiest fries I have eaten. You have to drench it in ketchup.,|,
My daughter loves this place. The quality of the food is consistent and good. I normally just get the fried shrimp but she gets the shrimp/crab legs combos and has never been disappointed. We have only had take out but my daughter says everyone has been nice to her each time she has gone. The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because it has to be the best food ever for me to give it more than 3 stars.,|,
I love this place. Everyone is so nice. I can't remember the guy's name who helped me out, but he has helped me multiple times with all my dumb questions. Thanks dude.,|,
I really enjoy IKEA. You can make of it what you want. I usually only come if I know EXACTLY what I need. Otherwise I get completely overwhelmed. Do your research, prepare for crowds, and get a good deal. also, become a free member. There are lots of great perks, such as free coffee or tea and extra time for your kids in the play area (which according to my 6 year old niece and 8 year old nephew, is REALLY COOL.) lol.,|,
Very helpful staff who will listen to what your needs are and offer advice. When you visit, they'll have sample stamps to look at and example fonts printed up so you know exactly what to expect.   I thought a little local spot like this would be too pricy for our non-profit, but I got a better deal than what I could find on-line. So worth it! Quick turn-around, too.,|,
Kind of a "mini" Whole Foods. If you want a kick ass salad bar (and who doesn't?) go to the one on Ponce. This place does make a mean sandwich, killer sushi, and takes care of most of your shopping needs. Just lacking on the salad bar... that's pretty much it.   Oh, and if you come during lunch, you are pretty lucky if you get a place to sit; unlike the other Whole Foods in the area, there is practically no where to sit and enjoy your recently purchased over priced food. HA!,|,
Would I drive hours for this pizza? Probably not. But if you are in the area- get it. It is not earth shattering, but just a very good pizza. Good sauce, great cheese and a nice crust. That's it. A place that does one thing very very well.,|,
Super friendly service, easy place to bring the kids, very tasty coffee (americano was great) and the Diablo was awesome, best breakfast I've had in a long time!  Highly recommend.,|,
Enjoyed a great lunch with colleagues this afternoon. The service was awesome as well as the food. I will definitely be back.,|,
Enjoyed the fried chicken and sides. Chicken had a little kick but was lightly battered and the sides were delicious, would definitely go back.,|,
Ordered from here yesterday and loved their chicken tikka masala! Definitely one of the best in the Boston area! delivery took about an hour which is pretty standard for most places in my area. Looking forward to trying more of their dishes!,|,
Finally made it down to this Alamo and we are really glad we did.   I was a ding dong and not only ordered 3 tickets online (we only needed 2) but I also bought them for the wrong day.  The lady who assisted me was so friendly and helpful and was great.  I feel a lot of times Alamo employees can have a terrible attitude but I was so pleasantly surprised here.  Nooooow, the courtesy did not spread to the server but you know you can't win them all!,|,
My favourite lunch place in the area. Big portions, good prices, and extremely friendly staff. This is where I was first introduced to Filipino food, and it made a good impression. The menu is huge, and a lot of the dishes are best shared so go with friends.,|,
Chex Machin was a wonderful French restaurant I would recommend to anyone. This cozy little spot definitely reminded me of a French Bistro. The food was amazing, my husband ordered a delicious salad, and I had clam linguine with French onion soup. Also add a cup of coffee... the best coffee I've received at a restaurant in a long time! The waiter Arthur was impressive as he easily handled the entire restaurant! Great place!,|,
Slides, Slides, Slides  and the pool was heated! They have an arcade room and pizza hut right next to it. They even have a margaritaville! Room was spacious and parking was close to the room. Beds are ok. Only complaint would be that my room key didn't work the first day, I went to the front desk to change it and the next day it stopped working again. Other than that Great Experience! Coming back soon!,|,
I ordered the immunity one. The juice tasted good overall, but I'm not stoked about the prices not displayed on the menu. 10.00 is a bit steep.It makes me feel that they know it's pricy and try to disguise it.,|,
Very happy with my experience here! After calling nearly 5 different business searching for a rug cleaning, I came upon Yayla. Quick turnaround, reasonable price, and my rug looks fantastic!! Definitely recommend.,|,
What's not to love? Great food, no grease, clean dining room, friendly staff, wel priced.  Has the feel of a locals-only diner without the attitude. You'll love it!,|,
Amazing!!!  My love got a medium strawberry banana Italian ice with soft serve vanilla ($5). I got a small blue raspberry ($3). It was awesome. It's about a block down from the sixth street chaos but worth it for the cold ice on a warm evening. The flavor is powerful but beware, blue raspberry will dye you mouth and lips blue.,|,
I love Octane, pretty much all their locations, but Grant Park is my favourite.  I love the  light filled room the relaxed atmosphere, the Coffee, the cocktails, the pastries and the people who work there.   After 6 the no laptop rule on the bar is great as it gives some room to sit and drink great cocktails.  Plus I hate to worry I am going to knock someone's books, laptop and ruin their whole life.   I recommend the flat white, rooibos tea, and all the pastries!,|,
Finally got a chance to check this place out.  Decided to check out the happy hour.  I was very happy to hear they have both drink and food specials including a ladies night on Thursday.    The food and wait staff was great, i tried the tuna flat bread.  Everything seemed very fresh.  I will definitely be back.  I do see the trouble with noise on real busy nights, but i wasn't effected while on my visit.,|,
Always a delightful experience.  Staff is attentive and helpful and the food excellent.  We always look forward to eating at Gran Gusto when we're in Cambridge.,|,
Strong diner food with particularly fun and spunky service. The woman who took my order was super nice and when I asked her what to get, she said either the turkey club or tuna melt. These just happen to the the two things I almost always get at diners so I was really stuck at a crossroads. But I ordered the club and never looked back. Well toasted bread, good ingredient ratio, and i left real satisfied.  Should i return, the tuna melt is in my crosshairs.,|,
I can't speak for much here because I don't like Thai food (mostly the curries and coconut) but I had the pad thai here and it was AMAZING.  I'm telling you, it was fantastic.,|,
Everything we had was phenomenal. I had the scallops with pumpkin risotto. They were buttery and flavorful! The blood orange margarita was DELICIOUS. I have been very disappointed with almost all Disney dining options, but flying fish was well worth the trip to the boardwalk.,|,
A little pricey for what you get.  The crispy chicken tacos were exceptionally good, but could have fit in a lunchable.,|,
I've eaten here more than a dozen times. The food is delicious and the service is great. I love the Lava Noodles and the Pad Thai.,|,
Nice bar. The photos here do not do it justice as it is very well laid out and has a modern feel. Servers were attentive and drinks were on point. The crowd here is very mixed age-wise but hat may be a Austin thing in general. May be over shadowed by the 6th street glitz and lights but definitely worth stopping by. Stop by on college game days and enjoy. We didn't stay for the live music but something tells me we should have.,|,
This place accommodated our party of 6 adults, 1 child, and 3 toddlers without incident (with advance reservations).  CJ has a robust an diverse menu with reasonably priced entrees.  CJ also has sports on TVs visible from the dining area without feeling like you are eating at a "sports bar".  They accommodate children unlike any place we have dined by offering complimentary meals for toddlers.  A pleasant dining experience!,|,
Very good food!! I am glad it's close to home!!,|,
Tasty grilled chicken sandwich similar to Chik fil-a. Fries were like PTerrys but less greasy. Croissant bites were overcooked and not very sweet.  The best thing was the fresh lemonade and the Honey Dijon sauce was one of the best I've ever tasted.   Great ice tea!  Most places are pretty bad.,|,
Best prices for emissions test w/o skimping on service. Wait was a bit long,  but papi who did my car was funny and very nice. I brought my other car the the next day.,|,
The margaritas at Tico are extremely tasty and VERY strong! Two of these and you'll be feelin' fine! The food was delicious, but the portions are rather tiny and not very filling. Their mac and cheese, and their pork and the fried chicken tacos, were very good. Good place for drinks and an appetizer of two, can't say I'd recommend it for a while dinner unless you're willing to spend some major cash!,|,
Aweful Aweful Aweful service!!!! . Rude hostess, she was dismissive and didn't care for our business so we went elsewhere. Band sound great while I was there waiting on hostess for short period..,|,
So I only gave it a 3 because I didn't like my sandwich that was made with Jackfruit but the staff was very friendly and I appreciate this type of business being in the west end area.,|,
I do not recommend this place at all when we ate my grandfather after halfway through eating his meal found a cockroach in his food (no joke). Then we still had to pay for it. Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse their prices were different on the bill then when it said on the menu. Overall if you read this far it was pretty bad.,|,
Bloody Mary for the win! After a stint in Milwaukee this Bloody Mary can hold its own. Strong and spicy!  As for the brunch we had the omelette, frittata and Caesar salad ( with limoncello vinegarette). The lemon dressing was awesome. Portions were big and good solid flavors.   Pretty good value for the area with quantity and quality.,|,
At first i was looking at this dish strange and it turned it to be delicious. Next time you are in the neighborhood try the Singapore Noodles and of course have the best California Rolls,|,
My entree wasn't good but my husband said his was very good. Dirty martini wasn't dirty! But the main reason we wouldn't return is the BLASTING music which included rap! Not really enjoyable with dinner!,|,
Such a cozy, warm spot with a great menu of offerings. Shared a pizza, salad, and app with the hubs and it was all great, including excellent service by maitre d.,|,
Consistently great and an unbeatable price. Can't go wrong with Chicken and waffles or sausage and biscuits!,|,
So, I really love turkey burgers and this was probably one of the biggest, most flavorful, juicy turkey burgers I've had from a quick dining establishment. No really... you have to try one. Oh and let's not forget the fries, I ate them before I got down the street. I'll most def be back to try some other items on the menu (or get the turkey burger again). The customer service was great as well. They're super friendly!!! I wish I had a picture to post but I ate it all in the car.,|,
Everything we ordered was so flavorful and perfectly prepared. We had the calamari, chicken croquette, patatas bravas, montaditos, and grilled peach salad along with queso and cured meat to start. The peach wasn't in season but that is my only complaint. Cocktails were tasty as well. I recommend the lemongrass Collins. Service was very attentive and pricing was totally reasonable for the quality.,|,
This was truly my best first best cuban-food experience. Their ropa vieja was wonderful!,|,
The food here is amazing... they have wicked fast carryout and if you order to pick up, the food is hot and fresh.,|,
After having breakfast at some of the top rated breakfast restaurants in Vancouve and being very disappointed, this was a pleasant surprise.  Great breakfast and service.,|,
I have gone to Jaho many times. It is a great spot to stop for a vanilla chai latte. Also, to do some homework or just meet and chat with a friend. I'm not a huge fan of their bigger selection of foods. I like to stick to the smaller snacks when I go there. The renovation is an A+ it looks a lot more like a café I would go to. It is also in the heart of downtown so it is a easy walk for some fresh air,|,
JRA has a great selection of rare-er protective gear and apparel than any place I've seen.  They also stock a good amount of high end mountain bikes and twenty-niners, which is pretty cool.  I haven't used their mechanics but their staff was so friendly and helpful to me that I felt compelled to post a review and recommend them to my friends.  It's just a shame they're so far from me now, as I can't justify going so often.,|,
This place has fresh, authentic food. It's always very clean, and the people are really nice. If you live near them like I do, you'll see that they get daily shipments of fresh food, all of which go straight into proper storage.   Also one time I forgot my debit card and they gave me a free burrito.,|,
I really like this place. I used to order delivery all the time and then they stopped delivery to my neighborhood. Food is fresh tasting and not as greasy as most Chinese.,|,
The Ice Box is where Johnny's used to be, right next to the Clam Box. Yummy flavors, good portion sizes, and happy staff! *hint* if you eat at the Clam Box ask them for $1 kids cone cards. When youre done eating head next door to get your $1 cone!,|,
Soooo good!  See the thing is, there's lots of places to get fancy ice cream, but most froyo is mediocre flavors with processed toppings.  NOT THIS PLACE  It's amazing, seriously good ingredients and everything looks and tastes fresh.  I got the doughnut flavor with rhubarb sauce and ginger, it was simply divine.  I absolutely cannot wait to come back and share with friends while I try more flavors and combinations!,|,
This was our first time come here so we didn't know what to expect. I liked the reclining chair and the fact the you get a blanket because it was really chili in there. The service could have been better. We ordered two cocktails and an appetizer ... We finished our appetizer before our drinks ever came out. I was also told that we get free popcorn which we never got. Might give them the benefit of the doubt and return again. Have not decided yet.,|,
Stopped in after seeing live music was playing and we were glad we did. Band brought the funk, and service and drinks were great. Free pool table in the other room (not sure if thats every day but it seemed like it was) was cool too.  Will definitely be back and hope the tunes are still funky!,|,
The food here is delicious and fast! Shrimp tacos are the best item on the menu. I've had the shrimp blackened, fried and grilled and either way they are superb!  This locally, family owned restaurant is my favorite in Apopka.,|,
We used Brooke for our wedding flowers and I cannot say enough good things about her and her work. She completely understood what I was going for and created bouquets that were better than I could have imagined. Every flower arrangement was bountiful and unique, without breaking the bank.,|,
No complaints but wasn't mind blowing. Staff was very polite and helpful. Would do 3.5 if I could,|,
Yummmmy. I've been there twice and it's been delicious both times. We had the O-Ring Shorty for appetizer, Oh WOW!!!! I had the turkey burger and was phenomenal. My kids love the gourmet cheeseburger and arctic cod fish & chips.,|,
Nice unpretentious.  My son loved his steak tips   My pizza without cheese and veggies was perfect. He also raved about his cheese pizza.,|,
Bummed. Tupelo was scheduled on the streetfoodfinder site to be at our work location from 6:30-9:30 and they were a no-show. When called, they said they were sorry, but that there was nothing they can do. They often leave early or run out of coffee when they do show. Hoping our employer can find a consistent replacement for Tupleo while the cafeteria is closed.,|,
It is a regular pub place with marginal food and good service. The wine was terrible, although I realize it is a beer place. Soggy fries. Even the bread was marginal. The beef stew was big but bland. We liked the server who was always there, sometimes too soon though. Overall a nice and overpriced place  lose to our hotel.,|,
The staff is super friendly and drinks are usually cold and properly made and reasonably priced! Great beer selection and wonderful gals behind the bar!! Just what bee cave needs!!!,|,
Food was par. Online dessert menu says they had a Peanut Butter Chocolate something or other. They sold me on it. Got there and was told menu online isn't updated, sorry.  That was fine, until we had the most annoyed server in the place. Received the HARDEST eye roll of the night for bothering to ask for ketchup. Sorry, I tend to dip my fries in something.   Pass,|,
This place was great! I wish they had more room because we were eating on the way back to Houston and it would have been nice to sit and enjoy the biscuits!,|,
Smaller place in the area. You may overlook it because it is on the side street.  However,  nice pub with great service.  Be sure to try the fried Avacado... It was super yummy!,|,
Best place for wings and beer! Service is always great and food is always fresh. My 5 year old daughter loves the chicken tenders and frys's.,|,
Great staff, wonderful service. The wine list is top notch, and the wine by the bottle prices are pretty good as well.  The steaks were amazing, perfectly cooked and the side dishes were done well too. I highly recommend the Boulder Cork,|,
I've been going here for 7 years since moving to Newton and really can't imagine a better barbershop.  Tony, Greg and their dad all do a great job and the feel of the place is very relaxed and welcoming - some of the people clearly have known each other for many years, others are brand new.  They're also great with boys, and the fact that my wife enjoys taking our two sons (3 and 9) says a lot.,|,
Definitely sweet, and definitely rich, but also definitely the freshest donuts I've ever had. Our table got the Black Betty (blackberry, cream cheese, cinnamon, and honey) and Dirty Harry (donut holes with chocolate and coconut). I personally preferred the Betty because the fruit cut through the sugar, though the Harry makes for a better photoshoot with its little cauldron bowl. I don't know if I'm ready for donut burgers, but the desserts are an experience!,|,
I thought this was a great place for some strong BBQ. Fortunately we ordered a variety platter. I felt like there was good flavor and well cooked, but there was some wavering in the quality. You can't go wrong with the chicken or pulled pork!   There was a smoke flavor that was inviting to start, but could be a bit overpowering. Our waitress was easygoing and attentive. My only complaints were that the only bread available was sliced white and the poor quality of the beef brisket.,|,
The first time I went here they would have gotten one star. Their food and service quality has gone up. They have really good pizza, really good wings and good burgers. And really yummy alcohol. Sometimes it gets crowded.,|,
Great service. The place looked clean and tidy. I did not have to wait long for take out. I ordered the roast lamb and Kalamari dinner. The roast lamb was flavourful and tender. The Kalamari was done to perfection - very crispy and tender when I got it home. The container holding the Kalamari had a hole on top already to prevent it from getting soggy. It was more than enough for the 2 of us. We had leftovers for the next day.,|,
I ordered a large order from here via foodler for a work related program and they were timely with the delivery. The food was delicious and was enjoyed by everyone. I particularly enjoyed the palak paneer. A quick note about the portions: I ordered from the catering menu and the size large pan, though stated that it's for 10 people, can definitely feed 20! We had so much leftover. Will be ordering from here again in the future.,|,
I love the original, one of my favorites in the area (Can't beat Regina's on Thacher though.)  I couldn't have been more disappointed with the Peabody location.  Not an exaggeration, I have had a way better pie at Papa Gino's.  Huge letdown, but I may give it another shot when the wait/crowds die down.,|,
I give four stars for the Manager and the food..Service was horrible, food was amazing and manager John is very experienced with guest recovery. Great ambiance and still kinks to be worked out.  Would advise you to go at a slow hour for your first experience. Have faith it will improve.,|,
I'm really not a Jamaican food eater; however this food was banging.  I ate it cold so I could imagine what it would taste like hot.  I  encourage all that can and will try Dat Fire Jerk Chicken.,|,
Delish! Stopped in on a random Sunday and so glad I did. Normally when eating healthy I have found making good choices while eating out can be hard. But here the options are endless and sound so good. I got the Bombay bowl which was so filling and my sister got the avocado crunch wrap which she said she loved. All in all customer service was fabulous, food was fresh and totally tasty.,|,
Mehhhh everyone raves about this place but I don't see the big deal. Staff was too busy gossiping to be attentive, food was ok. The only "good" thing here is the coffers, but I wouldn't go out of my way to get it.,|,
This has got the be the busiest Wawa in Orlando! Stopped on my way to work to get a bacon egg cheese croissant. i had to wait five minutes as they were cooking, The store on crowded as everyone was buying breakfast and/or lunch.  My sandwich was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The bacon was crispy and it was just GOOD when I bit into it. Love this breakfast sandwich.  The coffee fresh, hot and just darn good!  This place is like a DRUG and the addiction has begun!!!,|,
I was on vacation in Portland so I thought I would use 5 star...... which should be renamed 0 star. This is hands down the worst dry cleaning service I have ever used. With zero customer service skills, poor cleaning abilities and a rude stuff, this place should be condemned. Do not use 5 star. I wouldn't give them any starts but I am obligated by the app to give them at least one undeserving star.,|,
Good food and plenty of it. Wife loved her omelette. Good French toast and bacon. I asked for crispy hash browns and bacon and unlike most places they served me crispy hash browns and bacon.,|,
Definitely one of my favorite places for vietnamese grub! Very authentic and although they hardly speak english, the people here are really nice. Will always recommend others to try it.,|,
great lunch special $5.50 - chicken teriyaki and soda.  clean, nicely decorated establishment.  a good choice of sauces to douse with -  Load up the Siracha 'til my nose runs and runs,|,
I love Retro game night!  This was my fourth time! And I signed up for an annual pass. Even more excited for their upcoming events and exhibits.  The history center has something for everyone! I love that they are in an old courthouse too. There are several floors and rooms to explore.  The staff has always been friendly,  knowledge and welcoming.,|,
After only about a 20 minute wait on a busy weekend night, the friendly staff was able to get our party of 12 (8 kids!) seated and we were soon thoroughly enjoying a great Mexican dinner with nice portions.  This place will definitely be on our list each time we visit the Orlando area.,|,
Great food & Service,glad i stopped in for the 1st time,may u all have a great 2018. buy local stay local,thank you,|,
Love this place!!  No matter what lady I get she always does a perfect job.  The service has always been quick and neat, and a mani/pedi is only $30.,|,
Great value, lots of gluten free options and very nice staff.,|,
Good quality, affordable, men's hair cuts.  What more can one ask for?,|,
Nice place, good people, huge menu. Toast burned, but potatoes, poached egg and oatmeal were very good. I did not even ask for almond or soy milk for the coffee. Woburn is not progressive. Reasonable prices.,|,
The best corned beef hash I have ever had on the north shore. Fast and polite service.,|,
Been here twice. Both times had amazing (5 star) food. The first time around I had some delicious sushi and the second time I had the stir-fry oxtopus that was out of this world! Service been average both times. Will totally be back for some more of the yummy food!,|,
I just discovered this gem yesterday when I was only seeking a brow wax. Jessica took such good care of me. It was the best chocolate wax ever!  I had to come back the very next day for the best facial. I'm super pleased. This is my new fave place for sure.,|,
Excellent food and service.   I had Wonton soup and Szechuan Chicken, both tasted very good, and were presented well.   Several nice touches in the service, and a friendly and welcoming staff.  This is a hidden gem in Orlando.,|,
Great food. Recommend the grilled shrimp app, white bean soup, Brussels sprouts, risotto, and lamb. Great wine selection and interesting cocktail menu.   Good service. Friendly hostess and server. Good wine presentation. Nice outdoor seating.   The fire pits outside are fabulous and offer something different. Call ahead to reserve one. Upscale ambience.,|,
Delicious crepes in a wide variety. I haven't been tempted to try anything other than the sweet crepes, but those are quite tasty.   The loyalty card is a good bargain too.,|,
So delicious! Came here with a friend after taking a pole dancing class nearby. Good quality espresso and the salmon toast was delicious! I'm definitely coming back :),|,
Great atmosphere and music! Food was awesome! Best Fish Tacos I've ever had! Jerk Chicken Pasta was even better!,|,
Amazing family run northern Indian cuisine. The food is very authentic. It's just as good or if not better than one of the top ranked Indian restaurants in NYC off 53rd and 2nd. You can taste each spice in the chicken vindaloo. Beware ordering your dish spicy. It will make you sweat. Stick with medium. Two thumbs up!,|,
My favorite pizza place in Portland. Great place to stop in for a slice. Crispy, thin crust with delicious ingredients. Also cool that the offer homemade sodas with unique flavors.,|,
The Rosewood Chiropractic staff treated me kindly, and with care.  It was difficult to schedule an appointment online (within a two week range) for a male massage therapist.  However, the male that I was scheduled with was fantastic!  He listened and worked on problem areas. I highly recommend this facility to anyone looking for a massage that exceeds expectations!,|,
As a celiac diner, I had an incredible experience at Pammy's for my anniversary dinner. Our waiter, Blake, was super knowledgeable and attentive, and asked the kitchen about anything that he wasn't 100% sure about. The food was delicious-- everything from the antipasti board to the asparagus to the gluten free pasta. Cool and inviting ambiance, lively without being too loud to talk, friendly staff, the full package. Definitely lived up to the hype.,|,
This was my first time at Papi's and I fell in LOVE with it!! The ambience is very trendy with the perfect Latin flair to it. The food, so tasteful!! I loved how juicy my chicken was, and the seasoning was on point!!! The service there is also very friendly and helpful! I will most definitely be returning here. I was very impressed with the quality of the food and the pricing was very reasonable! Loved it here!!,|,
After searching for reasonably priced/good quality nail places in the tri-cities, I am happy to have for Elegancy Nail! Seriously awesome service, relaxing atmosphere and fantastic pricing. A lot of nail places you feel rushed through, but Elegancy gives you a true 'spa' like experience.  Furthermore, they gel colour polish manicure I did lasted 3 weeks! No chipping, no flaking.,|,
I don't know why the other people have given them a bad review.  I ordered a lot of food last night for a birthday party.  Not only was the food FANTASTIC , the people were very helpful in determining how much food I would  need. The service was fast, the process was easy and they were very nice.  I will go back for sure and would tell my friends to do so as well!,|,
Love RF - always dependable, always reliable.  Great bar, extensive, but reasonably priced wine list. Had one of my faves - pork carnitas.  Pull off chunks of nest, wrap them in melt in our mouth pillows of flour tortillas, and there isn't much better.,|,
Very nice Ambience, Service was great and Food is Delicious! My husband and I love Indian food and this is our first time here and what a great first impression for this place! Love it and would definitely recommend!,|,
Food was okay. Nothing to brag about. Small portions. Won't go back there anytime soon.,|,
I got takeout of house Lo Mein, bamboo shoot in chilli oil, mapo tofu with pork, Jin's schiuan beef, slice roast beef tendon and crab Rangoon.  I was very disappointed with their Lo Mein. It's like they just boiled the noodle and mix in some soy sauce. I was really looking forward to that wok smell. The bamboo did not have enough chilli oil. I thought the Sichuan beef and the beef tendon and the tofu dish were authentic because of the Sichuan peppercorn.,|,
Best lamb tips and BBQ sausage. Pizza is best around. It's a dive. But worth going to.,|,
Delicious food, fun atmosphere, beautiful desserts. If you like Ethiopian food or want to try it, go here. :),|,
Delicious and nutritious!  Came here late Tuesday night and ordered the ceviche chalupa. Party in my mouth, seriously!  The chalupa stayed crunchy even though I dumped the whole side of salsa that it came with on it.  I loved how it was made. They did not skimp out on the ingredients.  I was full after one! I also had the black tea which was perfect on a TX summer night.  For the price, quality, and really the most important thing--the taste, I'm sold!   Bufalo Bob, I'll be back!,|,
Great atmosphere. The staff is excellent and they have a deep knowledge of wine and food. It's a great place for special occasions and we saw several birthdays being celebrated. The food was good, but a few items were a bit bland for my taste. Be in no rush and bring several dollars, it isn't cheap nor would you expect it to be.,|,
I just bought three bar chairs from here, and my sales rep, Ryan, was extremely friendly and professional. Great price and service.,|,
Awesome family restaurant. The chicken and jellyfish salad with Chinese radish, cucumbers and carrots is SO tasty and perfect for the summer!! Also their Kung Pao chicken (diced chicken with chilies and peanuts) is the best I've ever had in Vancouver. Hits the spot.,|,
I don't know a lot about bubble tea but I know I love what they are sellin' to be at Bubble World!  The prices are quite decent for bubble tea and I am not addicted to the Milky Mango Ice Cream Slush! It's like a milkshake with a super sweet fruity flavor, drools!  This location serves up food and apparently a lot of bad rap music. They have a decent amount of seating but it is almost always full, I find it too loud in there but it's perfect for grabbing a delicious beverage to go!,|,
Food was great.  The pepper chicken is the best.  This place is neat and clean.  The staf  are sweet.  I recomend them to anyone !!,|,
I always get Pad See Ew or the Pho and it is great the owner also lets me know he does not use MSG which is a plus! Though it is in a obscure location If you are traveling in Atlanta and know about this place it is a hidden gem with good service I would recomment it!,|,
My friends and I were in town at Universal and wanted to skip the chain restaurants and Theme Park food...we decided to try this place out and were not disappointed. Authentic Mexican food and friendly homey environment. Will definitely be back our next trip to Orlando.,|,
Food was pretty crappy and service was very very slow on a night that was ~75% capacity. I understand some nights are busy but you gotta come by my table more often than every 30 mins.,|,
Michael and company are fantastic! All the beer is tasty and fair prices on everything. All the comments on here about the hours and dogs. It's a functioning brewery first and foremost run mainly by Michael and his wife so the hours reflect that. I know some want to tear it up into the wee hours, but this place is what it is a brewery. And the rules about dogs aren't the owners rules they are the states so if you have an issue with that take it up with your state legislature.,|,
WTH ... I actually wanted to say 'F' instead of 'H' ... Service is decent and ya their menu is awful except for soups .....  It's overrated ...,|,
Best sushi place. Been a regular for years. Highly recommend the Chicken Kaarage Bowl,|,
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town. I love the pho and the vermicelli bowls. I've tried many other places and none compare.,|,
Whenever I fly into Portland, I take the earliest flight and drive straight to the Tin Shed.   Delicious Blood Marys and very good food. Anything I've ordered has not disappointed.,|,
Probably one of my favorite places, I loved the brunch so so good, the service was really good too, their bloody Mary's- amazing :) I had the Brie sandwich and means my friends shared the dynamite roll and the ahi poke as appetizers and it was delish! Highly recommend,|,
Went there this morning expecting good things. Terrible under-cooked food(twice we sent it back)  not a good experience.  We ordered Ham and got some space age meat like substance. Never again.,|,
We ended up here as sort of a company "after-party".  We had a great time.  The outside ambiance was really nice (although pretty dusty/dirty).  We had fun playing ping-pong and drinking.  The bartender was really nice and she had beers cracked and drinks poured amazingly fast.  Very cool place to sweat and drink.,|,
Came by today and it was closed. Hope she goes out of business because she is bad for the other black businesses in the community. All she does is try and get other black businesses in the area closed instead of capitalizing off of it.  She is a low down evil miserable individual.,|,
This shop embodies what I love about Austin.  In one word:  original.  There is a pleasant variety of very unique items.  I've purchased jewelry, candles, cards and even a stuffed cat (not real) for my son.  Three cheers for Take Heart!,|,
I went here some time back and did not find much 'resistance' to anything Establishment by the main guy here.   In fact, I found the views about the US made 'drug war' in Colombia seemed almost to parallel that of the US government.     It really was totally disappointing.     The place definitely is not the center of any sort of  rebellion/ political resistance that I could see.,|,
Chill spot.  Lax atmosphere.  It gets smokey...,|,
Great cold brew iced coffee and tasty donuts.  The staff is very friendly and the expanded location is excellent for a quick bite or even a decent sit,|,
Better than Voodoo. THERE I SAID IT.  As an Austinite I know I am expected to like Voodoo because of their location in Austin but they seem too gimmicky in my honest opinion. Blue Star is more subdued but still comes up with inventive flavors that do not have me thinking "what the hell did I just eat."  Great donuts, even greater line.,|,
This cafe is typically my last resort when eating breakfast downtown. I like that they serve local organic food. The service is always great. Their food is always underwhelming. I've eaten here 5 times in the last year. It's consistent in the experience.,|,
Received a box of assorted chocolates for Christmas.  Absolutely delicious, especially the coconut items and the truffles.  Ordering again for myself.,|,
Awful service.. slow!.. couldn't get refills like asked.. feel we were ignored! Won't go back to this location.. Garlic butter fries were dry,|,
These people are the best.  I don't know anything about plumbing, and I had an unusual plumbing problem at work that had to be fixed asap.  The guy was able to come up with a solution, and actually assembled the parts for me, so all I had to do at work was screw the whole assembly onto the pipe.  Then he didn't even charge me for the adhesives or for his time.  It was amazing.  I'm definitely going back if I have any plumbing trouble in the future.,|,
This place was not worth it, the tortillas were paper like and hard to pull apart, the crispy taco shells were out of a box. There was no flavor, lots of reviews keep referring to price but if its not worth eating its not worth buying.,|,
Waited over 30 minutes for my free birthday pizza on July 29th, 2016 in the afternoon after getting salad and soda. I saw a small cardboard box sitting on an inactive heating tray. I said it must be mine and got it. Angry that no one said my name at all while waiting all that time and left with my full bags.,|,
Spectacular, one of a kind restaurant with an elegant, serene atmosphere. They have the best deals during September, as you can order the Magical Dining all you can eat option for about half off the original price. One of my favorite places for exquisitely made steak and simple but delicious desserts.,|,
The service we received was absolutely fantastic. Extremely friendly and helpful for my 11yo daughter who is very picky.,|,
I went well out of my way to try the sushi here. Upon arriving, I quickly regretted it. The guy preparing sushi behind the counter was sniffing constantly. It was gross and made me concerned that someone sick was preparing my food.   Against my better judgement, I ordered the pineapple roll. I was sadly disappointed. It had an unappetizing crunch to it, and it was small for the price.  The girl behind the counter was friendly, but not enough to make up for the food or ambience of the place.,|,
Their chile relleno en crema is one of Austin's best meals.  It's also one of the few places in town where you can get real interior Mexican food -- pepian sauces, ancho chile sauces, and deeply rich moles. I'm pretty indifferent to the atmosphere but the food is outstanding.,|,
This place is for coffee geeks. Coffee was excellent. The selection of snacks/pastries was fairly limited, to a couple of scones and cookies, perhaps because we were there late in the day around 5. Non-coffee drink selection for kids seemed to be limited to hot cocoa. Nice small space though for sitting around having coffee.,|,
I was super excited to finally find a place serving california burritos. This place unfortunately did not really deliver what I was seeking; in all the wrong places.  Instead of delicious carne asada it is way too greasy, instead of lots of crunchy fries it is soggy and greasy, way too little guac or pico.  I will have to wait until next time Im in SD for the real thing, oh well at least they tried.,|,
Hit this up with a group of friends and it was awesome.  Good beef, good pork and a pretty solid mushroom burger coming from someone who doesn't usually dig on that hippy nonsense.  The fries are cooked perfectly and they are rocking truffle salt.  Truffle salt!!!  Good call.  Also, I think they make the fries out of Yukon Gold potatoes which is always the way to go.  Can't wait to be back to try out some more bridges.,|,
Really great pizza quality and toppings options. The crust is thin, light colored, and soft with dark, charred spots that tastes like it was baked in a very hot oven. The atmosphere is also really nice- our waitress was great as well. The reason for 4 stars, not 5, is because my salad wasn't too great. I just got the house salad and found it really oily and sweet. I also noticed other tables got bread to munch on before their food came, but we didn't get any,|,
So we decided to stop in to have a bite. And we made a wonderful discovery here. The Pizza was some of the BEST in town. Service was amazing and I think the waitress was named Mia? Location is E. Broad st. She was very sweet & keep us happy. Also we had drinks & more food & Desert YUM!!! We will be coming back for more and talked about trying the Lunch menu as well.  Letting ppl know how great our 1st time was. Keep up the great work !!!,|,
Stopped in here to try the new Gluten Free bun with a grilled chicken sandwich last Thursday. The GF bun was a little small  and dry and tasted just okay. The bun did crumble apart as I ate my grilled chicken sandwich. This is somewhat typical of GF breads. My fries were lukewarm. The store was clean and service was quick and friendly, so I'll be back to try the GF bun again when I'm in the area.,|,
The food here is amazing and well priced. The chef specials are always great. I love the Tom ka and the thai tea is my favorite drink ever. Seriously one of my favorite restaurants ever. A must try place in Louisville. Once you do, you'll keep coming back!,|,
What an awesome cool place!!!! Best grilled cheese ever. Had the crisp buffalo and my husband had the  melt. It's whim delight and nostalgia on a plate... must come!!!,|,
Rigatone and Steak.  That's all I have to say!!!! This place has some of the best food I've tasted in Boston!,|,
Never again !!! Found a dead bug in a dish from the buffet!! When I showed it to the staff, the response was just a sheepish grin, no apology or anything. They just don't care for the quality or health of customers.,|,
Delicious low key spot. Enjoyed sat brunch. Had hash with egg, black cod fishermans stew abd orrechiette- all tasty. Sangria was a little bitter and served withiut fruit. Friendly service and cute atmosphere. Single bathroom so plan to wait. Would like to try for dinner since lunch is brunch menu.,|,
Super awkward experience at front counter. The female employee seemed to complain once asked to do dishes or something, saying "This will be the SIXTH time, SIXTH!" Then she made my drink.   I was sort of weirded out that she was having this conversation while I was standing paying for my drink, but blew it off. Then I got my americano and it's so bad! Disappointing on all fronts compared to previous experiences. Maybe this employee was having an off day, but I just wanted a delicious espresso.,|,
This is hands down my favorite pizza place in central Florida.  After a recent trip to NYC I can vouch that A Touch of Basil is just as delicious and any of the shops I tried while there. Love it!,|,
They're pizza is great, authentic thin crust with fresh toppings.  They should be charging more then $2 a slice. Plus the staff is really nice.,|,
I am in love with this store!! Dropped in for a quick ring size and Joe was very courteous and designs some amazing pieces. I'm planning on going back with some stones and see what kind of explosion of creative genius can happen. Also... If you need custom yard art, this is certainly a place to check out as well!!,|,
Hair snobs unite! This is the best place I know of in Harvard Square.,|,
We liked it when we went for dinner. So we went for buffet. Not much choice for vegetarians. Biryani has gone bad and not so good curries for naans. So we could not have biryaniz and breadz even though buffet was very expensive!,|,
If you like overpriced furniture and pushy sales staff, this is the place to go!  I don't, so took my business elsewhere.   At least they did me a favor and let me know that they were scammers up front- among other things, every item I looked at was only going to be "on sale" for a few more days. Even the items that would be custom ordered.  If you're that awful before they take your money, just imagine what they're going to be like after the sale.,|,
I ordered the avocado Margarita that they are famous for. I was not disappointed. It was super creamy and they add just the right amount of alcohol that creeps up on you! :) I also ordered the tamales- also were very delicious.,|,
The entrees at Sakura can be hit or miss, but the appetizers and sushi are consistently good. If you like spicy food, the fire on fish maki is great. The egg rolls may be my wife's favorite appetizer in Wakefield.  As a bonus, the delivery is unreasonably fast, so this is a great option if you are too hungry to wait.,|,
This place is excellent and I'm glad we have it so close by in Clintonville. I have only been once so far. I had the thinly sliced flank steak w/garlic and general tso's. Both dishes were the best I have had. Very fresh with a lot of veggies. I will definitely be back for more and to try the sushi and Thai dishes they offer.,|,
Super slow service...don't go here for lunch if you're on a timed break!,|,
Great HH and reverse HH everyday, and all day on Sundays (includes select sushi, appetizers, and sake). Sushi is high quality, recommend lobster roll appetizer, crazy roll, spicy yellowtail, and tuna. Seaweed salad and miso soup are cheap and tasty too.,|,
These people are extremely cheap and didn't deliver what I ordered via Teleflora. Consider me an experienced buyer who only wants the best for the people I send flowers too & I will never order from here nor Teleflora again.,|,
We all loved the pizza. Wonderful flavor. Nice crust. The fettuccine Alfredo had way too much garlic for our liking (lots of chopped up garlic pieces!)  More than I had ever seen in a fettuccine Alfredo.  Won't order that again. Otherwise the portion size was nice. Too bad I threw most of it away.,|,
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant- we come here very often on the weekends! I love the enchiladas with beef and the Guacamole.  The service is always fast and the staff is excellent.  Side note: they are very family friendly, they always accommodate us and our baby in his car seat.,|,
Normally, not one for cupcakes, however, the organic carrot cake with cream cheese frosting and a double espresso was a great juxtaposition of bitter and sweet.  Not too many places open on Sunday evening in Cambridge, so this spot was a Sweet find.,|,
The Cart in the middle of DTC has good Burritos.  I get the fajita wrap which with my specifications entails: rice, cheese, guac, salsa, hot sauce, steak, grilled onions and peppers and sour cream.  It is superb.  Not cheap for a street vendor (Large is $6.50 plus a buck or so for guac), but very good.,|,
Best coffee ever!  I love their half moon lattes. Great atmosphere, parking is a little tough.,|,
Literally not a thing, anything at all,  in my order was right but they gave me enough food to feed an African Village for at least a decade so I can't complain.  I ordered for me and  my brother I got enough food to feed all of Angola very pumped.  If it's midnight and you drive thru they'll hook you up with basically the whole menu from what I gather.   They did charge me an extra 2 bucks from what it said on the screen tho so 4/5 stars.,|,
Good, authentic Taiwanese beef noodles. $10.75 per bowl. Costs an extra $1 for wide noodles.,|,
Wow.  Amazing hamburgers.   First visit.  Thanks yelpers for a correct review.   Had to try the prime time burger.  OMG delicious.   Poblano burger very good.  Sunrise burger delicious.  Classic burger so good.  Fries and sweet potato fries great.   Will definitely make plans to return next time we are in Austin.,|,
Large, store with plenty of parking, seems to always be busy. Clean, organized, but not a lot of staff around. This store has the usual Target stuff...electronics, clothing, home, children's...and it also has food & pharmacy!,|,
Pretty good stuff. Had cold udon for the first time and it was awesome! Very small place, I been at UT for two years and I never saw this place on the drag. It is a must check out!!,|,
The queso we received for checking in was delicious, and the fajitas were pretty good. We went on a Saturday night, where it was super crowded and they were understaffed, so you could tell everyone was a little stressed. It was also a little much for a margarita that was just mediocre.,|,
This place is a gem. The donuts are the best EVER. The girls that work here are super friendly and the deli is delicious. I don't live anywhere near this shop but I make special trips to get donuts, coffee, and scratch tickets nearly every Sunday.   Oh and they are open 24/7.,|,
Jesse and Ashley do an awesome job w gels and give the best pedicures. The place is just a little expensive but totally worth it.  Getting a pedicure as we speak.... It's so relaxing .... zzzzzzzz :),|,
Ok, lets get through this. The pizza is on point. Its not the best in the world, maybe not the best in town even, but you cant go wrong with any pie on their list.   Good service, good food, lots of parking, cant go wrong.,|,
Good food, fast service and friendly staff!! Pancakes fluffy and patty melt very tasty!!! Wendy is fabulous!!!,|,
Place seemed dingy and the food was meh at best.  The staff seemed friendly enough and the food came out in a decent amount if time.  I just couldn't shake an uneasy feeling like I was going to wind up with food poisoning (I did not get food poisoning) it just doesn't feel clean in there. I would not go again.,|,
Was curious about this place since before it opened when I noticed the large "DINER" lettering atop the building.  And finally after more than a few weeks I had the opportunity to walk over and have breakfast. And it was a great time. Friendly staff, Jenn was a sweetheart. Concise and modern "diner" menu, and the food was delicious!!!,|,
Nice brunch spot.  The berries and cream crepes was so good.  I also tried the summer in italy which is french toast with fruits which was also pretty good.  Ordered takeout this time but would definitely come back to dine in.,|,
We came here for Dine out Vancouver. Awesome service, they were very accomodating and we had a  great dinning experience here.  Will come back again to try out their regular menu,|,
Its no 99 cents only store, but its a decent dollar store...    Don't park in the lot where the Starbucks/FedEx is (which is the SAME building)-- I was the dollar tree for 10 minutes and I got a 34$  ticket...  made my dollar store experience pretty pricey. They apparently validate for the underground garage around the block.,|,
Went there for my little sisters 21st birthday and we loved it. Cocktails lived up to the hype, food was fantastic and our waitress, Julia was an absolute doll. Atmosphere was great for an intiment occasion. Definitely be coming back!,|,
I just loving going to TT's to see my buddy  Kevin playing for the Raging Teens.  Can't be the cheap PBR's, great music and diverse crowd.    Always a great time and loads of good bands...,|,
Tried this place for lunch today.  It's not bad but nothing to get excited about.  Interesting mix of choices, mostly Mediterranean themed.  They have a nice display of their fresh salads and other choices.   I had the Tabbouleh with gyro meat which was actually pretty good.  The sauce needs more flavor.    The staff was friendly and the location is convenient.  Just a head's up, a lot of day laborers hang out in the parking area because of the Home Depot nearby.,|,
Have been here twice, and I live 300 miles away. Stopped in the first time a week ago and I had the Guru Rice while my wife had Noble Broccoli...they were both awesome and we left totally full. Power combo of flavor and portion size with these dishes.  Then today we were swept back to Portland on the trade winds and decided to stop in with our friends. everyone enjoyed their food. we even shared around. even our non-vegan friend loved his food...so this place is a win.,|,
I have had dinner from El Potro 3 times since they have opened.  One time we did take out and I have sat in there twice.  Every time that we've gone there, we have had great service.  The food is delicious too.  I have not had their margarita, but I have heard good things.  The decor is bright and appropriate for a mexican restaurant.  I am excited to try their breakfast!,|,
We ordered the Miso soup and for entree, the U.N. and Chanel rolls.  All of the items were excellent.  Our drinks were also very good: The Mule, Apple Old Fashioned.,|,
This is fantastic! We had cold lobster rolls and shrimp burgers at our server Amy's advice. She was spot on! The grilled octopus and fish dip as appetizers were worth the fuller belly than we planned!  Again, Amy came through when we asked what to dip the homemade chips in. My hubby and her discussed what he liked and she actually went back and mixed her own dip of horseradish, Old Bay and mayo, and we basically dipped EVERYTHING in it! We could not be happier with Amy or our stop here!,|,
Service,  Sat with 2 friends at the bar. Craig was great.  Knowledgeable,  friendly and funny. Food,  Calamari and Brescetta to start....both great.  Entrees; Veal Marsala, Salmon,  Veal spinach ALL GREAT. Can't say enough.,|,
Wow seriously Starbucks! Get with it!! Not only was the drive thru lady extremely rude on April 1st at 12:00pm but my coffee was not even full! If I wanted a half a cup of coffee do you think I would come to Starbucks!? I will NOT be coming back to this location. If this was an April Fools joke some future advice... don't mess with someone's coffee! :/,|,
Got gel mani and opi pedi. The pedi was great! Loved it.  However, the gel mani wasn't very pleasant -- the surfaces are uneven; got gel on my fingertips; top coat got on my index finger and a small part of my skin was burnt under the nail lamp... Hurt a lot  (well, maybe it was because they were doing my mani and pedi at the same time, and the leg massage made my hands moved? ),|,
I went here a few weeks ago and had the best experience. The food was amazing and fresh, the service was excellent. The two people serving us which we think might have been the owners were so friendly and welcoming. Highly recommend!!,|,
I come here for dinner with a bunch of friends every now and again. Beer list is good, fried pickles are tasty, and the staff is generally stellar. I've been happy with the grilled cheese and club sandwiches I've ordered. Once we came here and there was an embarrassing bro cover band, but I don't think that is a regular occcurance.   Prices are good and this place adds a much needed casual but nice dining option to Malden.,|,
Came with the family on a saturday nite. Service and food was great. It was a little pricey for what it was but the live music made up for it. im not usually a fan of live music at resarsunts but this was great! Cant go wrong with johnny cash and Willie.,|,
This is my favorite bar in Austin, and I frequently use it to give people a sense of what Austin is all about. It's like the hippest backyard you've ever been to. It's very laid back, and a little bit out of the way. They have an Italian food truck in the back called Patrizi's that is developing a really good, and really well-deserved reputation.  Now that they have a full bar, I can't imagine a better place to hang out and relax.,|,
Hate to say this but they leave the food on the warmer over heated and soggy. It's not like there's a lot of people by 1:45pm but Christ people will be eating what they paid for! Yup that's what I had, a soggy string beans and broccoli. Yuck! Do a better job please!!!,|,
I've had ramen from Japan to New York and places in between. The ramen was way too oily. Pretty gross, actually.,|,
It's close, it's not quick, but it's easy to get to and have lots of lunch and dinner options.  Breakfast on the other hand had pretty limited options. It's a quick service food court. You really can't expect much.,|,
Surprisingly good for Italian in Vancouver. My only criticism was that there needed to be a few more pasta choices.  I also thought that I prefer my meatballs mildly herbed and they were a bit too spicy for my linking. In spite of the few shortcomings it was a nice find and I'm amazed I hadn't eaten here before tonight. Definitely going back.,|,
Ciao!  Here on. Tuesday at 6pm.  The staff, cuisine and ambience was wowza wowza!  Greeted and seated immediately and couldn't have been more friendly.  We ordered soups, dinners off the daily menus.  I had the mushroom penne, side of meatballs.  Hubby had the chicken cacittoria.  All excellent.  Biscotti' for dessert.  $52  We will be back.,|,
Wanted to like it, just couldn't.  Seafood tasted frozen and freezer burnt - nothing was even edible.  We left hungry and ate elsewhere.,|,
Service wasn't great. Very slow prepping, and the food tasted very bland. Overall pretty disappointing experience. I wish they would have the regular menu at lunch. Maybe their regular pasta would taste better but I won't be back to wait another an hour to try,|,
Great place to eat German food and drink German beer, and it won't make a hole in your wallet.  The only thing negative is the neighborhood.  If your dinning here at night, please be aware of your surroundings.,|,
Came to Wonder Spice with a friend who grew up going there. The two servers we had were very friendly and attentive, and the food was delicious! They heard me talking about how I'd had a certain dish spicy somewhere else and offered to make my meal spicy. Big portions and a comfy atmosphere-great for lunch or dinner--reasonably priced as well.,|,
Wonderful Vietnamese food. Have gone here 3 times already since they opened barely 2 weeks ago. They're so nice and friendly, and the food is amazing. My partner is strict vegan as well and there were plenty of options.,|,
Gave it a try... twice. Shame on me. Not very good BBQ. Unfortunate as I live across the street.  Will not be back.,|,
Le's is always a win. I've been gong here with my family for many years now and have never had a negative experience. My favorite dishes are lemongrass chicken and any of the wide-rice noodle dishes. What makes both of these dishes great is the flavoring. It's hard to describe precisely, the best way to explain is just that  they get the flavor right here.,|,
College Optical is wonderful!  They are always attentive and ensure that my prescription is up to date and correct.  Their selection of glasses is incredible.  At each of my visits, they spent time with me to pick out glasses, fit me for contacts and discuss my insurance benefits.  Not once did I feel rushed or unheard.  Most importantly Dr. Holland and the rest of the staff are always friendly, helpful and honest.  100% would recommend this business.,|,
I ate here 4 times in my week in Portland. Partly because it was across the street from my friend's house but mostly because it was really good.   The oatmeal pancakes were really really good. And the short stack is still huge. Their organic syrups are super amazing.,|,
Great place.. good burgers.. surely like this one!,|,
Damn, I am so glad Henry's partner at Otto's told me to get the F- out when I asked why did my 10 dollar lunch turned into  a 22 dollar lunch?  So anyway I am still wanting some pizza, so I get on line and this place seems to fit the bill.  So I order a small pizza and salad.. costs less than what I would have paid at Otto's..  HELLO..  and they brought it to my front door with a smile.. so good, I just wish that I had someone to share it with..  way too much for one...,|,
The service is terrible, overpriced hookah that wasn't worth it. The owner was very unprofessional. Never would go there again. Actually looking forward to see this place shut down.,|,
This place got lots special flavor bbt~  Love the Oreo green tea cheesecake and they have a few selection of savoury dishes too (curry fish balls, teriyaki rice bowl etc... Also hot or cold tofu flower dessert :D  Nice place for grab and go :) only thing is the wait is a bit long~ ordered 2 drinks on a Tuesday night at 10pm, waited 15 minutes and it's not packed busy tonight. Prepare yourself with a patient while waiting for your yummy sweets.,|,
Best fat burger in town ( there are many types fat/skinny/greasy/etc Hoppdoddy has the best Fat burger) cool ambiance, great idea ( sustainable eating) its not a new idea, but i like the way they make it easy to understand for those of us that don't usually partake. My personal favorite is the Greek burger, and the Hard Cherry Lime-aid with Gin or vodka... for dessert try the Salted Caramel shake... they also have the real sugar sodas... DEFINITELY GO THERE  :),|,
First of all- the Staff is amazing.  Everyone is super nice and always cheery.  I usually opt for the drive thu because in the morning I'm lazy and don't want to get out of my car.  On the off chance I do go inside I feel like I'm waiting FOREVER for my order.  I almost feel like the drive thru is faster.  My advice is wait in the drive thru line- you'll get your drink faster.,|,
Great food, great service, Great location! We tried their veggie momos last Friday. Never had such a tasty momos. When we went there owner was actively working in the kitchen. Staff are very pleasing and friendly. Service was very quick as well. Will definitely be one of their frequent customers!,|,
Stopped here for lunch before a road trip. I had the grilled cheese and fruit bowl.  It was ok.  Nothing exciting but not horrible. Mom got the short stack of banana nut pancakes.  She said they were good but not awesome.  Very generous portion as she couldn't finish them. I'll go back to try it again.,|,
I first time here, but I like this place!) See u soon again , thank you so much for amazing coffee ) and sandwich))) mmmm yammy yammy))        .,|,
This is a good default breakfast place. There service is always very good. They have a large menu. Nothing is truly amazing here, but everything I've had is good. There is something on the menu for most people here.,|,
This is a cute little gem of a cafe. For the vegan in our party they had vegan French toast, tofu scramble, and vegan sausage, while I had a ham and caramelized onion omelet. Both were phenomenal leaving us both happy. The one downside was the smash browns, but everything else was so good we overlooked that...,|,
LOVE LOVE LOVE this restaurant. This has quickly became one of my favorite brunch spots. I have tried quite a few items and all have been awesome.  I normally order the strawberry orange juice. The staff is friendly and fast. Food comes out so quick it is scary.,|,
Shame on me for taking so long to get here! I walk & notice signs saying, "Sue says..." I'm already liking this place. A woman takes my order & I ask if she is the famous Sue. She says, "I'm Sue, but not I'm not famous."   I get a hot Italian. It was perfect. I like the bun a little toasted so it doesn't get soggy with the oil. I'll be back!,|,
Fun hibachi style. Long wait though even with a reservation. Food was excellent. Pricing a bit high. Would recommend if you're not in a hurry.,|,
Good donuts but for $58 worth of them I wish they could've at least had my order right.,|,
Walked in and this place was beautiful staff was very  friendly, but we sat down  and in about 5 mins we saw a mouse crawl across the floor. The guy at the table next to us stepped on it and a waitress came over to sweeped it up. We read good reviews and we're looking forward to the place but had to leave .,|,
I've come here for a couple years on Record Store Day and the service is always great.,|,
The room was horrible and the customer service was worse.  To top it off, my car was burglarized overnight and no one even offered to assist with calling the police.  My advice would be to stay away from this hotel and area.,|,
Awesome happy hour! Good selection of brews. Also, they have a Hawaiian melt that was to die for. Splurged a little and also got their truffle fries. Cleared the whole plate, and left 5 pounds heavier and happier :),|,
Great tacos for a great price.  And they have a gluten free menu - yay!  The tacos you will want to eat again and again.,|,
My favorite indian food and beautiful decor. When you want to treat  your self or family to a nice night out GO HERE. LOVE IT:),|,
I only went in super briefly to buy the sample packs they carry, but I liked how kind and eager to help the owner was.  Fumerie carries niche lines, most of which I've never tried.  I can't wait to come back and get tailored recommendations from the owner!  A must-visit for all perfume lovers!,|,
Total dump that survived off the back of a crap promotions group for years.  The fat door guy is a rude asshole.  I get that working the door on dirty is a shitty job but you don't have to take it out on others.,|,
First time eating here. Coffee is 5 stars.. I had a Mocha and the hubby had an eggnog latte. We both ordered the chorizo breakfast burrito that comes with a side of potatoes. The potatoes were bland and dry. I ended up adding some salt and pepper to make them more edible. The burrito was just OK. Nothing spectacular about it. Would come again just for the coffee.,|,
As a native of the New Orleans area, I can tell you that this food is legit! It is delicious and amazing. crowded, but charming. Their biscuits are out of this world as is their home made jam.,|,
Had my first visit and fitting. Was a little nervous because I have been hard to fit. However, I had a very good experience with Elise and was soon fixed up with what I needed. I will be returning in the future,  when needed . Thanks Elise for all your help.,|,
My husband and I have eaten here quite often with our family for a special nite out and have gotten take out from here. Everything is always amazing!! I recommend the meatballs, eggplant rollatini, and veal parm. Only reason for not giving 5 stars is parking and wish seating was more comfortable as you feel to on top of other guests next to you. It is very cozy though and the service is wonderful!,|,
eat the COPPA. best thing ever.   I usually get the mashed potato with gravy as my side and then my bf gets the Boss salad and we split the two plates between the two of us. The coppa is amazing but it's quite heavy so half the sandwich is perfect amount for any foodie person. Trust me. Service is solid. They do have a 5 drink max policy.  If you go there often get the beer card so you could eventually get a mug.,|,
The bar area had a very classic look, with lots of dark wood. The seating was elegant, with wooden chairs and white fabric table clothes. I loved my drink and the bartender was even nice enough to try making a new drink I had heard about. I loved the music in the background, it was at the perfect volume. Definitely would come here again.,|,
I haven't had dumplings in years and I'm eating primarily on the gluten free ones here. They were super good!!!!,|,
I always get a solid haircut Sports Clips. Stylists are friendly and always consistently good.,|,
Delicious ice cream and amazing prices on Quest bars!   They have a really good selection of toppings, and the free sprinkles on Saturday are great. Also, I got to talking with the owners and they are very helpful and attentive. Great little find!,|,
Didn't like the marquee sign out front, looked cheap and appeared to be a strip club or something. However, the food was good and the beer was great! Outdoor seating was comfortable! Service was great! Wings were descent, jalapeño bacon wrapped skewers were good!,|,
Still a good burger, but the experience has started to slide.  Lot's of signs with rules, limitations, etc.  No more smiling server greeting you in line to get a drink order.,|,
Elephant's contacted me the same day I posted my original review to follow up on my experience.  Wow!  They left a very nice message verifying that the PDX location does participate in ALL of their punch cards, including coffee and cookies.  Also, they said that they're reviewing this with all of their staff, so something like this doesn't happen in the future.  Thanks Elephant's!,|,
I ordered the chicken and dumplings with string beans.  Both were seasoned nicely. There was a nice serving of dumplings.,|,
Typical beach all you can eat buffet. The lobster and crab legs are obviously the main attractions, and they should be! I'm not a crab leg or lobster connoisseur but they all tasted great to me. The other fish was all a bit over cooked, seemed like it had sat under the light for a long while.  Some of the sides were good including the lobster ravioli and the crab cakes. Definitely try this place out if you are looking for a buffet in the Orlando area.,|,
Delicious cheese steak and Great service. Will def go back. Calorie explosion though, so expect to be FULL and would recommend for hangover.,|,
this is not real mexican food...watered down salsa with a buncha salt! Cheap but not good. I got tacos and they sucked. sorry but it's the truth.,|,
We tried 3 dishes all 3 were good. Unfortunately instead of coke we got cherry coke. I'm curry there wasn't enough meat. Over all good experience,|,
This place has great service, but I won't be returning for the food. It looks like if you are going for sushi, this place is probably great, however my husband and I went for a simple general tso's chicken and a beef meal. The quality of the beef and the chicken were pretty awful in my opinion and severely disappointing for the price. I won't be returning, but the staff was great. I am sure their sushi is their strong suit.,|,
The fact they didn't include the "Famous" on here irritates me. I was a doubter but, as a beef guy, I must say the best of the bunch. Roll it out rare and tender, 3 way please. Never tried anything else and likely never will. I've tried all the others and while good they simply aren't "Famous",|,
The best $7 you will spend on lunch in the area! Talking about the Gyros..They put some sandwiches to shame. WOW, this thing was: Fresh..Juicy..Meaty..Yummyyyy  This little no frills place packs the punch. I went in there after being cooped up inside with a cold and was craving something good. Even though my appetite was lacking, I put that whole thing down and felt great after!   Zooooo Gooood!!!!!,|,
The food was great the service was horrible.  Starts from the manager down.  Horrible manner and hostess was so rude!,|,
This is a fairly newer QuikTrip. Located conveniently on my way to the gym. It is nice and clean. Plenty of pumps. There is an entrance and parking on the side of the building in addition to the front. This is a great way to avoid the crowd. Prices are affordable and the pricing sign can easily be seen from the road. They sell lotto here - fyi for the gamblers. :-) The staff I have encountered are nice.,|,
What is a Chinese street sandwich?  Delicious, that's what it is!  Just picture a handmade flatbread wrapping device enclosed with a chicken so lightly fried you almost think it's calamari.  Then add pickled peppers, greens and sauce.  You now have the Chicken Po Boy in your hands.  Eat and enjoy.,|,
I just had an amazing massage by Jessica. If you have any type of pain anywhere she will take care of it ! She also asks questions in regards to what you like an dislike and what you'd like her to focus on.   She incorporated stretches and seemed to be extremely knowledgable about the body.  I was very happy that she pin pointed areas that needed work. I just booked a 2nd appointment next week,|,
One of the best pho places here in Portland!!! The size portion is decent, the soup and meats are in good quality. I just wish I live close by and can come here to eat everyday.,|,
My family and I just love this place. We take all our friends out to Blue Fin for dinner; I eat lunch there 2x a month at the counter next to this lovely Japanese woman who probably eats lunch there every day. Food is fresh, sushi wonderful, people who work there very friendly. Not a fancy place , not too expensive, and a gem of a neighborhood restaurant.,|,
The food is good and it was rated A on the state inspection app whatthehealth.  I wanted to leave a tip but they don't accept them. They say they want you to come back and their excellent service backs the statement.,|,
We really enjoyed this place!  We each had a curry plate. I had the Tikka Masala and Lawrence had the Korma both with chicken. I got mine at 'medium' spice but I feel like I should've gotten the 'hot' instead. Other than that everything was delish! I suggest the Mango Lassi as well for you mango lovers out there.  Our meal was less than 30$ and we also had an order of Naan bread as well. They also have the buffet option which is $9 per person. We left very satisfied with the service.,|,
Why can't burgerville get food hot?? New location in Tigard.  This is like the one in Canby.  Same cold food and seems like smaller burgers?? Anyone else?    The place is clean and folks were nice.   Lots of competitors close by.,|,
This OSJL used to be just ok, and average. Once the Dedham store opened about 5 years ago, it was much better. Now FINALLY the good shipments of inventory and rather well organization have arrived to this location, right off Route 1 past the Dean Street traffic light. If in the area, stop by, otherwise go to the Dedham one. They are both great and equal.,|,
Excellent service,food,atmosphere, This is definitely one of the best restaurants in Orlando but a bit pricey but still worth every penny. Reservations suggested if not U will wait for a long time.   Food Quality- (out of 5 stars) 4 Atmosphere ( out of 5 stars) 5 Service ( out of 5 stars) 4,|,
This place has its mix of good and bad stylists. I think 72 (includes tip) for a haircut (above a new talent) is a little steep, but maybe that's just me. The lady I went to did an okayjob, but she cut my hair a couple inches shorter than we agreed upon. However it ended up turning out well and she was very polite.,|,
ARE YOU SERIOUS? they got that beef tartare?!? yessssir, it's pretty delicious. Don't even get me started on the shakes - them shakes bring all the boys to the yard, specifically me.  All the other burgers are aiiiiiight, I'm not a big fan of putting sweet stuff on my burgers so watch out for that. The environment is pretty tight, they got that dim lighting going on so bring your woman.,|,
We have come here twice and had an excellent experience both times. I work at a fine dining restaurant myself and can speak from experience when I say the service at Eddy V's is the best in Austin. You'll pay a pretty steep price, but you will get EXACTLY what you pay for. The steak is good, but the seafood is some of the best in Central Texas. If it is in your budget, I highly recommend Eddy V's.,|,
Best time here out of all of the Hooters...... Ended up with 3 of the girls to go out for drinks with a few friends of mine and they were all down to earth. Good times and good peeps. I recommend getting their porno wings and a pitcher of their coldest.  Porno? eh? Translation: XXX hot=porn  Enjoy,|,
AMAZING deal for quality, new boxes. More people need to know about this place! Bought four boxes today - 2 medium and 2 large - for under $7.00!! You can't beat that with a stick! Anyone buying directly from a U-haul is nuts w/ this place around!  Totally impressed!,|,
Been wanting to try this place for awhile now. Ordered plain tacos today. One Carne Asada and the other Abodaba. Carne asada wasn't great. Meat was mediocre quality and flavor was bland. Adobada was much better with great flavor and a hint of spice. Service was efficient and atmosphere good. Giving it 3 stars for now but will update as I continue to try other items on the menu.,|,
I've been to Gusto many times and it is always great! You can't beat their happy hour. All of their apps and pizzas are so good! We just went their for brunch recently as well and everything was delicious. I got the polenta dish and it was sooooo good. Pancetta was a little salty, but I didn't mind! I'm looking forward to going back for more happy hours and brunches soon! The service is always stellar as well.,|,
Don't get me wrong, I am all for elevating the stature of asian food to chic and trendy, but the food here was uneven. There were some hits, like the pork belly buns and papaya slaw. The tacos were also pretty good. But there were also some misses like the tea smoked ribs and chicken wings. My main objections to the ribs and wings were that they were very salty without being terribly savory. I think that this place could be even better if the owners tweaked parts of the menu.,|,
I had the Pad Kee Mao take-out and it was great. The place was very busy when I went and so it appears to be a popular place with the locals.,|,
Amazing açaí! Authentic, fresh, healthy and energizing. Great location near south congress. I suggest the Chuck Norris for post workout or the Over the Rainbow add Avocado. Check them out!,|,
I used to love this place. Just had the most tasteless meal ever.  You could not teal the chicken from the noodles in the low mien. The hot and sour soup was neither.  I don't expect the best meal ever from delivery shop but this sets a new low.   Last dollar spent here!  Go elsewhere.,|,
Wanted authentic Mexican food, small restaurant but still got what I wanted.. Great service delicious food. I ordered the stake with enchilada topped with mole, beans, rice plate. With a chile relleno on the side!! Uuummmm,|,
Everything has always been top notch when we come here. Luis had always taken care of us, and the food is tasty.,|,
Good food, good price, and good service.  You will always find the same staff and enjoy getting to know them.  You can also get in and out quickly if you are in a hurry, or call in a to go order that will be ready by the time you get there.,|,
Super yummy food, but FYI some of it is on the sweet side. The catfish was perfect  with just the right cornmeal to fish ratio. The Mac n cheese was good, so was the cole slaw (condiment for cole slaw was sweet but on the side so you could choose how much). The ribs and pulled pork sandwich were also really good - smoky and substantial with a thick, tangy, almost pineappley sauce. We will definitely be back for more - can't wait to try the rest of the menu!,|,
Portion size is big at this location. The friend chicken nuggets is very good. Fried squid also very good. I also like their beef noodle soup. The side dishes are a hit and a miss. I had lotus root one time and I had to spit it out. I still come very often because of their generous portion size.   There is usually a long line up on weekends but it's a good place to hang out with friends as they open till really really late.   Recommended bubble tea choice is oolong milk tea with pearls.,|,
We loved VietRiver! We stopped just to try out some Vietnamese food without realizing what amazing vegetarian/vegan options they had! Super bonus! My (meat-eating) boyfriend even loved the vegan "ham" wontons. Everything was SO good from the Vietnamese iced coffee and fresh lemonade to the Vegan Buddha Feast Soup (with veg. chicken, vermicelli noodles, veggies) and the Vermicelli Chicken Bowl. Service was great too. A definite gem! Highly recommend!,|,
Hmmm... I would have assigned a negative star, but the system doesn't allow you to...  This place plain sucks... Upper case SUCKS... The food is no more than the average hot dog you get on a street, which is actually more tasteful... And better service... Service...? hmmm, what service...? Much left to be desired... This place is not at all what I had I mind when I think German village... My advice...? Go some place else...!,|,
Imani (bartender) is the absolute best! I was very pleased with all of her recommendations and quite pleased with the drinks she made.  Every time someone comes into to town we make a CowFish stop.  My last guests brought children who were served bento boxes with the cutest rice crispy/sweetish fish treat on the side. I loved the service as well as the music!,|,
Vacationed in Maui last summer and this place felt so true to the island! Loved chatting with the owners about our previous trip and comparing their food to the authentic Hawaiian food we were used to. Amazing pork and fish tacos! Love the cool food truck vibe. Only bad thing is the flies around the picnic tables. Other than that, this place is definitely worth the hype!,|,
It was a nice experience. My job took us here for free with the VIP package and we got champagne. You watch a 3D film first before getting on the eye. Our tour guide was David and he was good.,|,
This place used to be a decent Japanese sushi restaurant until the change of owner recently. The Japanese sushi chefs are all gone. The sushi is poorly rolled, standards at this restaurant has dropped. For long time customers like me, we taste the difference.  They think that getting some asian guys to wrap rice in seaweed is sushi. Some traditional japanese dishes are taken off the menu. It is going down the same way as Ginza. Time to find another japanese place.,|,
Soup was too sweet, too much msg, and not hot enough to cook the rare beef.  Spacious but dark.  A bit pricier than other pho places.  I think around $7-9/bowl.  They only have small or large sizes, not medium.,|,
Had a great meal at Bartaco on April 12! I took a suggestion from Southwest Airlines' magazine and had a great experience. Really unique flavors and ingredients and a cute, comfortable atmosphere. Be sure to try the wild boar or the pork belly tacos, and the CLT!,|,
We stayed here as a team for my son's soccer tournament.  The only disappointment was that there was no microwave in the room and no washer/dryer available to wash the team's uniforms.  My husband had to drive to a laundromat to get the team's uniforms washed late at night or really early in the morning.  This was not as convenient, wish they had a washer/dryer onsite.,|,
My favorite place for a quiet romantic dinner or gathering with friends. Excellent food, service and atmosphere.,|,
Location/Parking- Easy to find and there's a small parking lot.  Customer Service: Very friendly staff Ambience: Very quaint with few tables, but that's all part of its charm.  Food: So far, I've tried the pork and beef burritos, guacamole and beans with cheese. All were delicious with lots of filling in the burritos.   I'll be back to try the breakfast and the grilled chicken entree next time.,|,
Great place to have/host a happy hour.  We always order from the "bar food" menu.  The wings and burgers are great.  Also, try a half order of the lobster nachos.  There are usually good music acts as well on Friday or Saturday.  Parking can be a problem, so get there early.,|,
I had a gel manicure/pedicure and it was the most perfect thing I've ever had. They take the time to fix any smudges and make sure the polish isn't over the nail and don't rush at all. I'll definitely be back. Also try to upgrade to a deluxe pedicure it will be the most relaxing thing you ever experience:),|,
The service was very good. We had a large party and most of the dishes were very well made. A few were not spectacular. The appetizers were difficult to share with more than four people because of their presentation. I personally liked Equinox better but I would still go back. Cocktails were great.,|,
This store is great.  They have wonderful sales and the customer service is amazing.,|,
The food is great!  One of my fav brunch spots in town.  The service is always awesome, and the environment is welcoming.  A great place to meet up with friends or have a nice date night!,|,
One if the best dining experiences we've ever had. The aroma, flavors and presentation took us back to the orient style cuisine. Staff was so professional and nice starting with our waiter Joe. Every single dish was explained to what it was and how it was cooked.  Most of the fjord was prepared with locally grown products. We are making plans for our next visit.,|,
Wonton soup was quite strange. Wontons were overcooked. Egg roll had no flavor. Will never order from again,|,
Lunch at 1:30. General Tso chicken had way too much breading.  Hardly any chicken in many big pieces. Good sauce, though. Fried rice was bland too. They forgot the sour in the hot & sour soup. Expected much better from a "fancy" chinese restaurant. Boy, do I miss Golden Wok. Eggroll had a bunch of pepper, kinda wierd. Not worth the premium price. Had high hopes. Disappointed.,|,
First off, I'm not vegan, but my girlfriend is so we often eat at vegan places when we go out. I wasn't even hungry but thank god I ordered a vtopia club, and my girlfriend ordered the grilled Mac and cheese.   I made a Yelp profile just to review this place. I just ate the best sandwich I've ever eaten in my whole life. Do yourself a favor and come try it. That is all.,|,
These guys are great! We did two resizings - very quick no problems and great fit. I also worked with Phil on a custom piece using an old stone. He was so helpful, had great ideas on what we could do and picked out exceptional accent stones for the piece. Very easy to work with, great pricing and fantastic work. Highly recommended!,|,
I've been there multiple times, usually a man did my nails. This time it was the wife/owner, she kept saying "it looks good no". I told her it looked uneven & all she did was add another coat of polish. There are still large dents & waves in my polish, it looks terrible.,|,
the lobster raviolis were absolutely delicious but my dumb boyfriend was challenged by the waiter to eat a large pasta dish and it was gross watching him out how BIG it really was.  seems like a fun place to take your family for a huge meal.,|,
Nice modern-looking environment. Mellow music. Friendly service.  Most importantly, great food. My friend had the combination fried rice. He loved it! I had the combination clay pot and it wasn't bad at all. I wish I had chosen my friend's seafood clay pot which looked amazing.  You have to try out this place. Great eat for the late night munchies.,|,
Lamberts has a great deli but if you purchase the produce make sure to use it within three days.  Same quality as the stuff at Quincy Market.  The outdoor seasonal plants tend to be more expensive than most places.  Pumpkins and Christmas trees are way overpriced.,|,
Can you give a restaurant zero stars? Because this was by far the worst Chinese food we ever had. Granted we only split one dish and had egg rolls, so maybe we just ordered something that they do really badly, but it was terrible enough I will never give this place another chance.,|,
Mojo crepes aka when it was "blue sky" back in the day. Solid place to boba and crepes and to hang out with friends. I like their original milk tea, however their tapioca balls are usually never cooked right only downfall. Sometimes undercooked and sometimes overcooked.,|,
Divine ambiance. Red walls. Cold ones. Love music. There is no better place in the 'ville.,|,
Went here for a birthday celebration.  Birthday girl got her dinner free.  All menu items delicious and service is the best.  Always try the specials - they are great.,|,
Great drinks at the tequila bar! Cierra recommended awesome drinks! Fast and spunky and she totes loves her gig!,|,
We come here about once a week. Pizza is delicious and the wings are really good too. We usually eat next door at hoplandia which is also awesome. Get the Pizzatna , amazing!,|,
This is my second time getting a breast augmentation and lift, the first time was done in Scottsdale, Arizona by a different surgeon. I had such a great experience and am unbelievably satisfied with my results. I am SO happy I decided to go with Dr. Gorin, and his nurse (Christy?) is the sweetest person, I am so thankful for her kindness. Dr. Gorin and his team are literally nothing short of amazing!,|,
Nice staff. Good burger, juicy. You can order without a bun too. Excellent Bloody Mary.  Clean rest rooms. Overall would go back for Tasty burger.,|,
awesomeness!!!! Their oreo cakebatter ice cream was to DIE FOR!!! After my first visit I swallowed my pride and waltzed my ass back in there with my head held high and calorie counter back home the very next day lol. The workers are very friendly!,|,
Nice authentic Mexican food. Doubled checked my food before leaving to make sure I had everything there. Good portion of carnitas and good amount of cheese on the quesadilla. Would recommend for Mexican food. It was ready promptly and would order again.,|,
Hands down the best meal you will have in an airport anywhere. Ever since my 1st visit last year, I schedule extra time in Atlanta airport so I can zip over  E concourse for a bite. Extremely well trained staff that never meets a stranger and will always greet a weary traveler with a smile. Not much of a lay over? You can always call in take-out from the runway and grab your bag of delicacies on the run.,|,
The restaurant is warm and inviting. I believe it is run by a family and the decor and atmosphere reflect a family vibe. The owner spotted us as soon as we walked in and was super attentive making us feel right at home. He clearly takes a lot of pride in their homemade food and in helping people navigate the menu while taking time to explain every item to us and make suggestions. Cant say enough about how awesome the service was! Food was some of the best tasting  Venezuelan I have had.,|,
Boy do I love me some Moe's!  My only complaint is the tomatillo salsa is hit or miss depending on location (and ripeness of tomatillos perhaps?). All other salsas are always spot on, my tacos were great as always, and they were willing to accommodate my mix and match philosophy of taco ordering lol!  Would have been 5 Stars, but the tomatillo salsa was watery......,|,
Not great :/  Cute atmosphere but food was just ok to me.  Grits had no flavor and the muffin on my Benedicts were soggy.  Also the potatoes tasted like they were cooked in a dirty pan.  Not a fan.   It looked good though...,|,
Little hole in the walll place  with just a few tables.  The watress was nice.  The owner was walking around talking to everyone.  Excellent food.   Had the mushroom  swiss burger and fries.  That and iced, total with tip was $13.  I would definitely recommend coming here.,|,
Highly recommended for food and drinks.  a hiiden treasure.  a bit stuffy.  worth the wait.....food portion on small side, but bursting with flavor.   Most have is the Pork Belly Sliders and Mango Quinoa Salad!,|,
There are so many coffee shops in Austin, but Caffe Medici will always be my favorite. Perhaps it's because it's within walking distance to campus, or because the background noise upstairs is just right for long study sessions and coffee dates alike, or that they serve their coffee in proper coffee mugs with pretty art in the foam, I'm not entirely sure. Yes it is expensive, yes it gets super busy, but they make their almond lattes right, and they serve taco deli tacos.,|,
Maybe it was because I was sick when I was there, but this place is just too damned loud. I even went to see a mostly acoustic folk band, and I thought my ears were gonna bleed. You also have to stand the entire time, and after a couple of hours, that can really be taxing on ones body. I felt that the venue, while it does pack a very interesting feel and vibe, is just too small, and too loud.,|,
They were awesome! Me and my sisters are in town for the weekend and we wanted to do something fun together so we went to weymouth nails studio & spa to get our nails done and we had such a great time, we called and they took us right away when we arrived, they did such a great job with our nails and toes  everyone was really nice! I got a pedi and a manicure and it was great! I will totally come back again!,|,
Tried this nail salon for the first time and had Tammy do my nails. She did a wonderful job... It was a little packed due to the holidays...but everyone was super friendly and nice.,|,
Good laid-back vibe, and killer fries.  Hand-cut Idahoes dipped in creamy buttermilk, rolled in seasoned flour (this is the trick , I think) and lightly fried...served with a special sauce that could make a grown man weep.  VGS, as we like to say.,|,
This is one of my favorite places to come eat. So far everytime i've been here the waitresses/waiters has been on their A game. The apps are good esp wings/hummus platter. My favorite sandwich is the BLT but there was just a little too much tomatoes inside. Recently i also tried the egg sandwich lyonnaise and i was in love! It's a good place to come and grab something to eat. I love their late hours too!,|,
I stopped by this place to get some coffee and pie the other evening. I like the decor a lot, it's very warm and feels very nostalgic. They have alcoholic coffee drinks for $7, but they were running a special on one that was $5. I believe the slice of pie was $4.75. I had the chocolate, which was so rich I couldn't finish it. They seemed to be quite busy, with a mixed crowd of old & young. The staff was friendly for the most part, over all it was a good experience.,|,
It's an underground dive bar. It is what it is and their proud of it. I've only been here for parties and wrap parties for productions but not voluntarily. I had basic drinks but not really the spot to eat. Outside of private parties, this isn't the place on my high list to hang out.,|,
This place has great breakfast and dinner. I've been here twice and the only complaint is that the service could be better. The food is so so good. Their pies are the bomb. The only bad experience I have had was last night when they forgot to give me fries with my take out order and I didn't realize until I got home. They are giving me a free meal next time.,|,
Food was great, music for the belly dancer was deafening.,|,
A disappointment. The food was lackluster at best and the service was terribly slow.  I wouldn't go back even with a Groupon.,|,
I could easily recommend the Jinya #3. The Brussels sprouts were outstanding. We ordered two $1 sides of them. The (free) side of hand-pressed garlic was also a novel feature. We'll definitely be back. In fact, this place could easily become our new go-to place for Ramen!,|,
Fun colors, relaxing environment and great attention to detail! Ryan took his time and filed every nail to squared perfection. He used high quality glosses for my manicure and was an extreme professional. Need your nails done in downtown Portland? This is the place!,|,
Life savers! My phone was dropped and shattered. Insurance replacement value was a rip off and would take a week. Called these guys and dropped it off. Had my phone back good as new within hours for a reasonable price. So lucky to have this place on the Westside!,|,
Ordered online wedding invitations. Cheap, easy, and the final product looked fantastic. THANK YOU!,|,
Great spot to grab a drink from and chill in the park across the street   Pros: - Love how they grind the fruits and veggies right in front of you - Place is simple and clean - Gigantic menu displayed on top (they're actually in a font size you can read without squinting, which is a major plus)   Cons: - Pricey - $5.60 for a 16 oz  - Place is tight, you can enjoy your food/drink in the park across the street,|,
Awesome cheap food with good service. I always come in with a large group and the server expertly handles us and is very efficient with splitting checks.  Perhaps the service is better at  the late hour  we usually come, but I still have had an enjoyable experience at other times. My only complaint is that if it's after 11 you have to pay for parking.,|,
Ayyy order the Black Cherry w/ soft serve vanilla-it's hella good! I ordered it togo & the worker made that $h!t pretty fast! I'm about to go back there tomorrow again ha ha.,|,
the staff make this place. love them all.  also love the bacon! and the egg and chive and cream cheese scramble!,|,
This place is nice and all but not my type.  It is a fancy place, great for going out when you wanna dress up and look posh.  Pros:  Good food, Cons: Can be pricey,,|,
Service is terrible We ordered little amount of foods and it took 45 minutes to come in. When we asked for water, she stared at us saying she doesn't have any water badly. We asked to give little more side dish like Kimchi because they gave like 3 pieces of Kimchi. But they said to buy it. In most Asian restaurants,they mostly refill any side dishes you want.,|,
First time here and it was excellent! Food was delicious, I had the Spicy Chicken Ramen and I've never tasted anything like it. Our server was amazing at taking care of us. I'll definitely be back in the future.,|,
All i've had so far are the tofu soups, but they are outstanding and affordable and keep me coming back again and again.  If you're lucky you'll be in a spot where you can watch the kpop music videos, so fun.  Yum, i'm salivating just thinking of those delicious soups.,|,
I really liked this restaurant!  I ordered the Chicken Caesar salad with pretty low expectations and was pleasantly surprised.  The chicken actually had some kick!  The lettuce pieces seems unusually large to me but other than that it was really good.   Our server was great as well.  I would definitely go back!,|,
This place is great! Been going for about 10 months and honestly the food seems better just within the last couple months. YUMMMMM!!!,|,
After complaining about being home sick for my mom's latin food a friend suggested I try Arepa Mia. I was satisfied with my first meal but after subsequent visits I've realized its kind of subpar. Definitely a great intro to Venezuelan food and if you're a college student looking for some flavor in your food its a good fix. Great place for casual lunch. Some tips: this location is tiny! Empanadas are not that good but their black bean/ plantain one is super yummy and a great vegetarian option.,|,
I grew up on hot pot, so I am easily disappointed.  Came for dinner on a Mon. night.  It was surprisingly busy.  My primary complaint is that service was slow and inconsistent, but the quality of meat and the lack of feeling pressured to eat and not linger was far better than other hot pot places in the area.,|,
Great spot for a quick breakfast or a lovely salad lunch. The owners are awesome and they run a great little cafe.,|,
Horrible service, I had to repeat my order multiple times and the people I was with didn't get their order. The server left "early" so our table was left to no one. Taking my food to go next time.,|,
Was let down on the quality. They didn't cut my nails even though they used the clippers. They didn't buff them at all even when asked nor did they cut back my cuticles. They aren't cheap either. Very friendly nevertheless.,|,
I have never gotten food poisoning from this location but the food has looked questionable on more than one visit. I no longer eat here.,|,
Pretty darn good brisket! The self-serve style sides and desserts made it a little too easy for me to over-indulge... Resulted in some tasty leftovers though! Loved the great selection of shiner beers and Texas decorated interior. My only complaint was that the brisket was a little dry for my taste, but the lick-your-fingers good BBQ sauce certainly helped make up for that.,|,
The remodel has made for a fancy-er Produce Row. The patio is really nice although a bit noisy. Nice draught selection. Love the Beer & Whiskey Pairings! We didn't get a chance to eat, next time!,|,
Delicious coffee in Austin. I'm a coffeaholic and this place was great. Very hipster atmosphere which is great. I will definitely visit this place again when I'm back.,|,
Have ate here three times. Every time, food has been delicious and service has been excellent.  No complaints. Their sushi is amazing.,|,
This Hotel is one of the best I have ever stayed at and I have stayed at many. Highly recommended. From the modern spacious rooms to the fantastic pool area and views. It has it all plus location.,|,
I cannot express how underrated this restaurant is: great food, great price and great people!  I would love for more people to know and frequent this wonderful restaurant because they deserve it - but I'm selfish too.  Everything is amazing there.  You will be coming for traditional Thai cuisine.  I highly recommend the Nam Tok, Squid Salad, any of the curries and the Drunken Noodles.  Enjoy!,|,
Fantastic spot. I ordered beef swarma (sp?) and instead of rice got all salad. Yum. Wife ordered combo rice. Fantastic choice too.,|,
Dr. Hymowitz was great! The whole experience was easy and convenient. I had never worn contacts before but by the time I left I felt like a (almost) pro. They have a great selection of eyeglasses and though I resisted at first, the lady who helped me knew what she was doing!,|,
Don't really get the hype. They call it handcrafted gelato on a stick, but it literally just taste like any other Popsicle for several times the price. I can't seem to appreciate this place, but maybe it's just me. I don't really have a sweet tooth to begin with.   One great thing is that the toppings can be customized, and the display fridge is pretty.,|,
You do not need teeth - the brisket simply melts in your mouth!!  The smoker is right next to the restaurant - you will feel the heat and smell the love as you walk in!  Best Texas BBQ I have had in Austin so far. Last two visits (been there only twice) they ran out of beef ribs one order before my order-the second time they gave me the hint to call ahead so they can set aside and hold my beef rib order.  Third visit will be the charm! All the sides are awesome.  Staff and service are great.,|,
Tasty and a decent value for the price.  Also open to 11pm during the week and serves Maine Root fountain drinks--lots of positives.,|,
Another great "hidden patio".  A great place to kick back after a walk around the waterfront on a warm summer day.  This spot is a bit off the beaten path but has excellent beers on tap.,|,
For over a year now I have come to Border Grill and they are still the best taqueria in Orlando.   Don't be afraid... Try the lengua (tongue) taco! :),|,
I've lived in ATX for over a decade and rarely have found SUCH impeccable service. We were blown away when we went for dinner and drinks last night. Beautiful scenery, great food and cocktails and, again, out of this world service. Cannot wait to go back when the weather cools off. Highly recommend for date nights, etc.,|,
I have been there more than once and wonder why it isn't packed. Great food and nice folks. Check it out! Garlic knots are fabulous. The salads and pasta are very fresh. Good house chianti also. Help it stay open with the new train coming!,|,
This is as close to dining in Italy as you'll find in New England. Chef Paolo is bringing exquisite, authentic Genovese cuisine to the North Shore. If you're looking for fine dining in a fun, casual atmosphere run, don't walk to Prides Osteria in Beverly.,|,
A step above the TGI's and Ruby Tuesdays of the world. The whitewater shrimp is a great appetizer, and the deserts are a meal in themselves. The ambience is what I felt gave the place a special feel with a talking moose and antler shaped lighting fixtures. Its a nice place for families and large groups, not realy for a date,|,
I've recently started working in the area.  This place always looked busy.  One night my husband and I tried it out.  I ordered vermicelli with spring rolls and pork.  Decent but I've had better.  Portions were good, just needed more flavor. My husband had Pho he seemed to enjoy it.  Service was on the slow side, and it wasn't too busy.   Its a pretty big restaurant, modern, nice and clean.   I'd go back to try other menu items.,|,
It's OK. Curry chicken sandwich was good, crab croissant wasn't that great. Decent brew selection and good mimosas. Food just isn't anything special, but I enjoyed the experience overall.,|,
Amazing sushi. Among the best in town. I've not been here before because Thai food isn't a personal favorite, knowing they have this quality of sushi, I will be back.,|,
Pretty darn good upscale fast food. The sauce bar is yummy and has about 10 dipping sauces. The cheese on the cheese fries is super good. think melted, good-cheddar, not nacho liquid. The place is pretty small thought, a lil claustrophobia inducing, hopefully they will expand with success and add more tables and waiting room.,|,
Love this place! The chicken tenders, chili, meatloaf, and bacon wrapped dates are my 4 favorite things. Lots of flavor and I never leave hungry, and you get a good amount of food for the money. Also, their dipping sauces for the chicken tenders and meatloaf are delicious!,|,
Reminded me of Northern California. The seating is not the best but other than that this is a great place. Very nice people. Great service. Very healthy and tasty food. I had the Roast Chicken and loved it. They have a cool fireplace as well. I will be back to try a couple of other things. They have brunch as well but call first... Have Fun.,|,
My partner liked the food but it made me sick all night. Service was also odd- the server/owner was on his phone the whole time.,|,
Best restaurant in the Boston area -- not just in Concord -- by a long shot.,|,
I've gotten smoothie bowls from here two days in a row. It's my new obsession! My favorite so far has been the Orlando Magic Berry Bowl. I added granola to it. It was the perfect light dinner. They also deliver through Uber Eats which is convenient.   I look forward to trying one of their salads soon.   Great to have an organic, gluten and dairy free option in the area. So good!,|,
For a place called Hong Kong, this place is pretty American. Otherwise, the stars are for the scorpion bowl-sweetness. Everything else is just dirty and grungy. =/,|,
This Dunkin' Donuts is the most convenient for me on my way to work, which is the only positive thing about it. I try to stop quick, but even when I'm the only one in the driveway there is such a long wait.  Today I ordered a water and a toasted English muffin with butter. I didn't know toasted meant burnt. I didn't have time to go back and get a new one.,|,
I love iPic and Maxwell took great care of us. Love this place, come almost every time I'm in Austin. Great drinks, good food selection. Service in your seat with a powered seats, comfy pillow and blanket. What more could you ask for? Oh. A massaging chair. That would rock! Thanks iPic!,|,
Definitely give this place a chance if you've never been before! The breakfast tacos are always amazing, and I've tried them all! :D the Migas taco is probably one of the best I've ever had. If you go for lunch, the Thai chicken salad is super good, with plenty of chicken. The staff is always super friendly. They treat all their customers as if you've been going there for years!,|,
Got to Boston on Thursday, I only really wanted to go to one place that was Wahlberger it was a 45 min drive from the house all I kept hearing was "genny better like this burger" we get to there Saturday everybody got a burger & everybody liked it! So glad that it was good! Wooooooooot woooooot! Was very busy in there but it didn't take long at all to get the food.,|,
My favorite pizza in Boston.  Was there last night after having an urge for this pizza for a week.  It must be the sauce or the dough, but this pizza tastes so fresh and delicious.  You gotta be into the ambiance which is not fancy, to say the least.  It's a funky place, but the pizza and grilled meats are basic and exceptional.  Starting to want some more right now!,|,
A great portland/beaverton breakfast spot.  I come here a  couple times a month. They have great food and are friendly staff.  Quick and the food is hot.  Can't ask for much more.,|,
Went here for lunch today. Really good! Like the first reviewer the burger was a little on the too pink side but edible. We walked in for take out and it was ready in 8-10 minutes. Everything else was great. Will absolutely be going back!,|,
I tried this place the other day because sushi garden was packed. Everything looked good. But I would say the food isnt that good. I probably wouldnt ever go here again for thai food.,|,
Hey! I ordered my food online for pickup. When I arrived they forgot my cheesy bites and, too, none were readily available. It would be 6 min. for another batch to be ready. I was offered a drink while I wait. Such a nice, simple gesture from a sweet staff. Thx!,|,
I absolutely love the chicken then thuk. The noodles are sort of shapeless and chewy. The broth is rich and salty (in a good way), and somehow holds the heat so the soup stays hot until you're done eating. Delicious. I took off one star because the service is a little weird, though not terrible. There is one server who just makes a lot of non sequitur remarks every time he comes to the table which makes the customer feel a little crazy trying to understand the connections.,|,
I finally made it to Tassili's this past April and was not disappointed. Truly lived up to my expectations. I'm still reminiscing about my "dat ish" wrap topped with the black love stew. The staff was so nice and helpful. I wish they delivered wraps to NYC. Next time I'll make sure to bring enough wraps back home. Wish we had a place like this in the city. Definitely will be back!!!,|,
Worst meal ever!!! An hour plus from ordering and I was served raw pasta. Pleeeese! The room looks nice, but no chef should have let my meal past the line, nor allow it to take so long.,|,
They're not bad, but they're not good either. For what you're paying, I find their selections to be bland and uninspired. I also find the service to be slow and careless. Most all-you-can-eat places are careful with your orders to minimize waste, but they weren't too good with accuracy. There are better places to go, though I find this is an easy choice due to proximity to SkyTrain and seating.,|,
This is our "cheat day" place when we're craving for some good comfort food.  The workers seems to look happy to work there which reflected on the great service we received.  I love their meatloaf, and I know we will be back for some more.  Indeed this place will be around for a while; no worries there.,|,
Got the gluten-free brownie and gluten-free chocolate chip cookies and they were amazing!! Honestly, better than any regular chocolate chip cookies I've ever had. Will definitely be going back for more!,|,
I go here all the time for their food, entertainment and the social fun atmosphere. Last night (Wednesday) I went for karaoke night and by far that was the most fun I've had there. Also I decided to go the healthier route and got the Walrus salad, it was sooooo good!!! One of my favorite spots in Columbus!,|,
Update:  A few changes  --they now offer Wunder-Pilz kombucha  --the bowls are only made on weekends --they are offering fresh juices from Johnson's Backyard Garden (cold press for $2 more--same for juices) --they advertise as 100% vegan --no more 12 oz size.  $6.50 is now cheapest drink for 16 oz  This place is still just as amazing!,|,
This sushi restaurant has a lot of potential. Our experience was not the best. The waitress was rude and not able to stand by our table long enough to answer basic menu questions. Food was good, barely above average. On Sunday they give a standard special 15% off the bill although they didn't advertise. The other coupon on Yelp is outdated and was for Valentine's Day. They need to remove it. This is a pet peeve!,|,
Yes, the food is fantastic. It really was and I highly recommend it to anyone. But this review is mainly for the customer service. I don't think I've ever met such a NICE and welcoming group of people in a restaurant. Truly, I will come back again for the nice smiles and service. Again, the food was great but these people are really wonderful and will make your day!,|,
Nice friendly staff, food is great pretty busy there. Good varieties of breakfast, they even let me change of the side too,|,
Fantastic food! Fast and friendly service too! Happy hour has a great nachos bar that is complimentary and the fajitas are fantastic! I lived in Texas for almost 10 years and was ecstatic to see a Chuys open at Easton. It definitely lives up to its reputation and is worth the wait! Margaritas are the best in town too!,|,
Very cute dessert place. Huge portions. Macarons, but not so tasty compared to La Duree or the ones made by J'Adore Macarons.  Asian style desserts.,|,
Part of Loews Hotel on Stuart/Berkeley corner. Love the atmosphere, amazing $1 oyster special (4-6 pm) and good menu. My biggest beef is the poor beer selection...they should replace the large brewer options with craft choices (the craft choices they had were sold out).  Overall, this isn't a destination location for us but we will visit again when we stay at Loews next.,|,
Very impressed...food is made from scratch onsite. Great staff...great atmosphere...great food.,|,
Been here for Dropkick Murphys every year and a Flogging Molly show. Definitely an improvement over Avalon.,|,
Mango slush with the cubes on top is so bomb. It's a must get if you come across one of these cafes. It's a chain. I want to try the bubble waffles next time I visit Canada.,|,
I miss Le's; I used to come here A LOT back in my college days. The food is delicious, down-to-earth and inexpensive. You can get a lot of food for your money. Best of all, service is fast, but if you do want to sit there for a good an hour or two longer, they dont do anything to shoo you out. This is a great place to go with friends and family-- a very practical eatery. Lets just say if a guy takes me here on a first date, I probably won't be impressed.,|,
Great fast and friendly service. Just needed a trim and that's exactly what I got! Ask for Cristina and you won't be disappointed!,|,
I love kimchi but only for lunch.  Their prices during the weekend are insane.  I Took my family there for lunch and couldn't believe how much more expensive it was.  I'll just only go during the weekday,|,
My dad loves this place and insists on eating here every time he comes into town. The choices and combination are endless making this ideal for picky eaters and vegans. The food is moderately priced, the service is excellent even when the place is busy. They even have a full bar.  If you've never had Mongolian BBQ before, give Golden Tent a shot.,|,
Came here for a quick bite. We had an assortment of sashimi and one specialty roll.   It was quick and efficient and the fish was fresh. There was nothing really negative about this restaurant to receive only 3 stars however the sushi was not the best I've tasted.   Definitely a quick lunch spot rather than a dinner date kind of place.,|,
Can't beat Marriott CRM. Checking in @ 10am. Handed over my ID, and after a quick glance at it they say "oh yes, we have your room waiting for you."  Made me feel like I'm a regular guest here.,|,
The food was fantastic, the setting is beautiful, and our waitress Meghan F. was so helpful and friendly. We took all of her recommendations, and she wasn't wrong.    Definitely try the doughboys for dessert. They were my favorite part of the meal.   We will be back for sure!,|,
I'm not normally into the health kick but was looking for something light and filling so decided to try this place.  As you can tell from my star rating, I was pleasantly surprised.  I went with the spicy korean bowl and was everything it promised . . . light bright healthy ingredients with good flavor and portions.  But the thing I cant wait to go back for is the beauty brew!!  You do pay a little more but it seems worth it,|,
Really cute spot to sit and hang out with people or quietly work on stuff. The music is soft and not distracting, which I love. There are four small tables and a big table for people to share, plus a cute corner with comfy chairs.   I got a lavender latte, and I LOVE it. Perfectly steamed milk, fun latte art, and though I can't really taste the espresso through the lavender I'm sure it's also great.,|,
Good but not great this time. Usually we are extremely happy. This time it lacked a litttle in service.,|,
Good quality food... The staff were very friendly and helpful. You have to get the mango lemonade.,|,
DELICIOUS!  Amazing salad bar, wonderful meat.  Come here with a good appetite!  Too bad they don't have one in SoCal.,|,
Very comfortable, friendly waitresses/waiters and it mixes 2 great things: Food quality and price. I have been coming to this restaurant for 3 months and I always find seats. The food is excellent! This is definitely my favorite Vietnamese Restaurant in Boston.,|,
Amazing dinner for our first night in Boston. They were so accommodating to our gluten and dairy sensitivities!   We had the oysters to start - delicious! Then for our mains we had the scallops, market fish and broccoli side. I would highly recommend this place if you have food sensitivities - they even have "gf" labels on the menu!  Update: We didn't wake up sick from the food! A good sign that this restaurant really knows what they're doing with food sensitivities / allergies!,|,
If you live on the South Side this is a good mall for Macy's as it's never crowded and you can park a few spaces from the door, otherwise the mall is dead.  They also have a GREAT (black) Santa and a DMV office that is super fast.,|,
This is a very functional cart curiously located away from foot traffic.  It sits as part of a houses garage entry.  The food is simple:  -- Chicken or Tofu -- Teriyaki or Curry sauce -- Any extra (sweet chili, hot sauce, etc)  $5 got me more than enough food (skewer and rice).   Very simple and excellent if you're on the go.,|,
What a great place. Cool vibe, great bartenders, customer focused owner. I will definitely be coming back for more!!!,|,
I had takeout the food was disgusting!!! I got the Egusi Stew smelled bad I added the Fish  which was very dry I was told it was whiting and it wasn't .The price for very disappointing to spend $14.00 on lunch that went right to trash.,|,
Outstanding. Lived up to all the hype.,|,
It's a local brewery with damn good tasting beer. What more could you ask for??,|,
I had the flat iron steak, very good and cooked too perfection.  Wife had the chicken with mashed potatoes.  Chicken was well seasoned and moist, potatoes paired very well.  I'm a big fan of the potatoes, would likely pair with anything.  Price point was as expected for food of this quality, especially on grounds of Disney.  Service was very good as well.,|,
I have been going to Smita for the last 3 years. I have been here for threading and waxing.Never a bad experience. If you have a time constraint, it is good to let them know as there can be a wait sometimes even though you have made a reservation.,|,
Always come here for my curry fix. Today had something different and as usual aswdome,|,
Thierry is kind of overwhelming when you come in the first time. The chocolates, the pastries, the ice cream, the drinks - it's a lot. But it also all looks delicious. THe bf and I shared a napoleon, a ginger ganache chocolate, a tea ganache chocolate, and iced teas. Everything was wonderful. I wish there was a place like this in SM - cute cafe to just get dessert. I'll be back.,|,
Been going here for a while. One of the best thai restaurant in greater boston. From pad thai to ginger chicken rice to fish, all have been great. But their tom yum soup can be a little too spicy..,|,
Excellent service, great atmosphere, and delicious food. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive and the food was very tasty. They have a great selection of seafood, pasta, and chicken, and the appetizers are too good to pass up. It's a great date restaurant or restaurant for a small group.,|,
I've eaten here a few times and the food and coffee is always good It's the service I am not thrilled about. The guys up front are either in a great mood or a horrible mood and, if you get them on a bad day, good luck! I was so offended by how snappy one of the cashiers were that I ended up leaving and going somewhere else that morning. Customers should be able to ask questions about menu options but they sometimes get a little rude. However, I have been back since and the food was still good.,|,
The server was friendly but it took forever for the food to show up, and when it did, it seemed to be cool the fries were cold.,|,
My husband and I stopped in for dinner after seeing good reviews from our neighbours on the Next Door app. We were both really happy with our meals. We shared mahi mahi tiritas as a starter - very much like ceviche and very good.  For entrees, my husband had the chicken breast and I had trout - both very good. We sat in a booth by the window with a nice view of the wooded area around peachtree creek. Nice setting and great service. We will be back.,|,
Love this new restaurant in our neighborhood. Great food, friendly service and when the weathers nice their outdoor seating doubles the restaurants size. They bake their own bread and offer wine and beer.,|,
I loved this spot. I always like trying new foods and new spots so Merengue's was definitely the place! I came in and was sat down immediately. I ordered the fried beef with Spanish rice and sweet plantains. It came out really quickly. No more than a 10 min wait! The beef was a lil too fried but not bad at all! Great prices and good food.,|,
Cute place ..slow service but really good food with friendly staff!,|,
Skip the cluster parking lot of the Home Depot on Ponce and come here instead.  They have just about everything you could need, prices are good, everyone who works here is super friendly and helpful, and (for me) it is within walking distance!  Can't beat it.,|,
Great place to hang out, they have a small amount of outside seating when the weather is nice. The sandwiches that I have had have been great. The smoothies are very good. Free wireless internet. Only problem is that it is sometimes very crowded.,|,
Mark and his team prepared an awesome feast for my 50th birthday - kalua pork, teriyaki chicken, maui coleslaw, and sunimono salad - everything was DELICIOUS!! Their family recipes are fantastic (try their lava sauce!) and they could not have been nicer to work with - super generous and friendly :) If you're looking for a great anytime dinner at their food truck, or a feast for a special occasion, I highly recommend The Big Kahuna. FIVE STARS -- Mahalo!,|,
Really great vegan bakery. So happy to have stumbled upon this place. Very responsible and delicious. They were also very kind to me and my son which helps! Can't wait to go back to try more!,|,
I don't know of a better deal in Austin for price, quality and taste. Had the BYOB with salmon, yellow dragon sauce and brown rice - delicious! And the spicy salmon roll (4 pieces for under $3) was a great appetizer!  We'll be going back regularly.,|,
Came here with co-workers for our team-building lunch-on. The place has a feel of going to a Chipotle, FreeBird and Poke houses. However, more of a Mediterranean flavor/Indian.  Albeit, its not authentic flavors to being Mediterranean/Indian - basically Americanized.. However, it was delicious and fresh in its own way. I would recommend trying it at least once, and I do see myself coming back with my wife!,|,
This is our go-to sushi spot in Atlanta. The ingredients are fresh and they have a variety of roll options! The price is also very reasonable.   Knocking off one star because the hibachi and bento box items are pretty bad. I would recommend sticking with sushi.,|,
Really awesome burgers, friendly staff, homeade condiments, thats all I need for a good lunch!,|,
Make a reservation, get a ton of friends, sit in the main room on Saturday, order the 3L boot and have the best night of your life. Nuff said.,|,
This is a new place in town that everyone is raving about! I was dying to try it and I was not disappointed. I went for lunch with some co-workers (so no booze), but the taco salad was fabulous. We all enjoyed our meals. It was quiet for lunch time and the service was great. I also want to note that the decor is GORGEOUS. They legit revamped EVERYTHING which is good because the space needed it. Oh and the chips and 3 dips they give you when you arrive are very good!,|,
Their menu is pretty big and has a variety of options. Any fast food greasy option you can think of, they have. Their slices are pretty big and their service is real quick. Great late night option if you're in the downtown area.,|,
I love love their cakes!! I get one for every occasion. We are getting our one year anniversary cake tomorrow. Already planning my next cake for my birthday!! Highly recommended. Staff is always great!!,|,
One of our favorite Salem restaurants nice atmosphere great deck dining and service Fun all year round,|,
I was in the area and decided to check this place out.   First, there are no real indicators on International to find this place....the address number isn't easily found nor the name of the business...it's about 500 feet back from the road.  The Yelp hours say they open at 12 noon.  Nope. 2pm. So I just wasted my time to come here.   Fail.,|,
ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The spicy seafood pasta is to die for! The atmosphere is quaint and relaxing. Highly recommend.,|,
This place is a hidden gem of NW 23rd. The food is top notch (not even comparable to bar food). You can enjoy the best happy hour in town- try one of the pizza's and the mango salad! We also enjoy sampling their well-equipped bar (they had my favorite- Ransom Gin!). And of course their are the many billiard tables. This place basically provides a whole night of fun! I have also heard their tasting menu is a fresh and amazing treat. We look forward to trying that sometime.,|,
OMG!!! Amazing menu, beautifully executed.  My husband graciously drove me there from Lake Buena  Vista.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed a wonderful meal.  I had an onion tart that reminded me of one I had many years ago in a Paris bistro called La Cour.  It was heaven on a plate.  I can't wait to go back.  The wine selection was outstanding.  The waiters were friendly.  Did I forget to mention the caramel popcorn?  Loved it.  I can't wait to go back.,|,
It says on yelp that the food truck opens at 12pm.  We arrived at 12:10 and the guys tells us it will be another 20 minutes.     So we left and went to Zenbu sushi 0.4 miles away.   The funky tuna roll was da bomb.  I highly recommend it.,|,
Windy City is by far my favorite pizza joint in dot. I always order the Hawaiian pizza and Hawaiian wings and am never disappointed by the flavor, and amount of topping on the pizza. Staff is always pleasant on the phone and upon pickup. When ordering delivery the service is always speedy and the food is still piping hot! Bravo Windy City! I will be a loyal customer as long as I am living in this city!,|,
Wouldn't let someone in with a green card because it wasn't an acceptable ID to their head bouncer. Unacceptable.,|,
First time in Boston and wanted some clam chowder. I thought it was pretty good. I liked that it didn't have any celery in it and it wasn't too salty. I also got the grilled lobster which I felt was priced averagely, but not worth it. Just a lobster and a piece of corn...I was not full at all! But decor is nice and the service was good for a busy night.,|,
Before even trying anything, the service was already unwelcoming. Seemed annoyed when we asked what flavor the cupcakes were, since they had no sign in front of them. We had a canoli, lobster pastry, and a cupcake. Everything was overly sweet. The peanut butter cupcake was probably the tastiest item we chose. Probably would not come back.,|,
Time after time they amaze me. Freshest food, best service, friendliest staff...  The best sushi in town. Their creativity also extends to the items on the regular menu, each item as pretty as it is delicious.   This is an extrodinary dining experience every single visit.,|,
Went here Saturday for dinner, and it was actually pretty full, which was good to see.  My shrimp tacos were pretty large (I got two of them) and the seafood soup was chock full of shrimp and avocado.  I must commend the girl there for being really nice after our 2 year old smashed a bottle of hotsauce on the floor under the table.   The chicken tacos are pretty average, but the fish and shrimp are really good, and these are what I come here for.,|,
Great service - they are very nice here. Ingredients are all fresh (veggies look like actually veggies and not oily). Al pastor is great meat to try and spicey chicken is the most popular (it is medium spicey). Guac and sour cream do cost extra and may not be worth it to add all of them.,|,
Really good XLB - delicate yet structurally intact, rich broth inside.   The pan fried dumplings weren't up to the same standard, but were still tasty!,|,
I had high hopes for this store but their selection is really weak.  The prices are really high. Their play area is decent but that's about it. They need a greater selection of average priced toys so you can actually buy something affordable.  We were looking for little toy animals to play with that they only had wooden toys.  Grasshopper has a much better selection for the similar price point. Expand your selection please and offer more affordable selections.,|,
We usually frequent Menchies on Sawmill, but didn't have time today so thought we would try something a little different.  We were disappointed.  The flavor offerings were few, the taste of the yogurt wasn't nearly as good, machines were out of order and the restrooms were nasty.  We will make sure to leave enough time to head to Sawmill Menchies from now on....,|,
I love this place, I am obsessed with the lamb plate and my husband always gets the pepperoni pizza (he's a picky eater). One of my favorite places nearby. I have also gotten the lamb gyro but prefer the plate as you also get dolmas.,|,
This is a nice surprise in powerhouse sq. The volume of food is a great value, the Bao bao's are amazing and you get like 10 dumplings in an order!,|,
THANKFULLY THIS PLACE IS NOW OUT OF BUSINESS!    *** However, please do not associate this Express location with the ACTUAL Athens Pizza Restaurant farther down Clairmont.  The restaurant is wonderful as always. From what I gather, this crappy express location was NOT owned by the same people as the actual restaurant (at least for the last several years it wasn't).,|,
Very pleasant staff and beautiful selection of cards, small gifts, journals, and stuffed animals.  Love this store everywhere but this store, although not the largest, has a lot of variety and is laid out.,|,
I've been for lunch twice now and can sum it up in three simple words:  fast, cheap, good.    The end.,|,
The atmosphere is great for drinks but I'd say its a little overpriced for what it is. The poutine is good and worth it. I got the rabbit tacos and the rabbit was a little grainy and the tacos were basic. I think they could have been better.,|,
This is the best bottled kombucha I've ever had. It is smooth and has a perfect balance of flavors. My favorite is the lavender lemonade. It's so good we now sell Lion Heart at our massage practice. The owners are also very helpful and friendly.,|,
Amanda is amazing!!! Talk about anticipating ALL of our needs!  From having the external heater turned on as we were arriving to making sure we never had an empty cocktail, we had a great time and Amanda was part of the reason.  Add in some awesome food and it's a combination for a wonderful night!,|,
Always greeted with a smile and pleasant, prompt service. They're open to some substitutions which is nice. The food is great and the containers, utensils, cups, etc are all at the very least commercially compostable. I'm a big fan of the coconut pork paired with ginger maté tea with a cookie to boot. All the omnomnom noms for this place. The price is a little bit up there but it's not a deterrent for me. If you frequent this place,definitely sign up for the loyalty program.,|,
The only spot in China Town where I get Banh Mi.  They make the sandwiches really good, good bread, good meats, and pickled veggies-I usually just go for the cold-cut combo. They will ask if you want it spicy (I usually don't, but you can).  There's only one table in there so order to go.  CASH ONLY,|,
I've called at least 10 times in the past 3 days (to only receive voicemail) and left multiple messages to confirm my appointment. No response. Horrible customer service!,|,
The food is ok. Gouda mac and cheese doesn't taste like gouda and was dry. The yard burger was good with the jam, but my husband's dirty south was ok. The mac and cheese has minimal flavor. He asked us if we wanted the burgers med well and we both said medium and still got them overcooked.,|,
Alexis helped me tonight, great service. Recommended for late night. I'm right down the road and felt like ordering a late night pizza. She made it quick and easy. A+!,|,
I am a sucker for ice cream, but JP licks seriously have good ice cream.  Service was friendly too.  I asked for 2 fav for taste (in same request).  The person smile and friendly.  No attitude.  I had Coconut Vanilla sorbet.  It was like so creamy almost like ice cream. And you can taste the REAL vanilla.  Good job!,|,
I'm feeling sad.  I just got two ricotta cannoli, and neither of them were filled in the middle.  It's not like it used to be.  The Modern was my go-to for many, many years, but I'm not sure what I'll do now.,|,
Super live club! Last time I went the DJ was killing it the whole night had everyone super turnt. Music is loud and they have a big led screen with trippy motions goin all night to the music.,|,
We visited here for my friends birthday. We had 12 people and 2 kids. We received wonderful service. I highly recommend the Violet Love Martini! Will be back for that drink for sure. Everyone enjoyed the food and atmosphere.,|,
Hah! They shut down!  SCORE: Jane: 7000000 Jasmine Sola: 0,|,
Very welcoming staff.  Feels like you are at your best friends house and you just had a slumber party and they are making you breakfast in the morning.  It's small inside and definitely a locals portland diner. Good food, good prices, good people.,|,
$3 banh mi, other readymade meals like curry chicken, BBQ pork w/ cucumber and sweet&sour sauce, egg noodles w/ char siu pork, kept warm in plastic containers. The idea is similar to Woorijip in NYC's K-town.   I will be getting food here as a study break more often. Take it to go, it's cheap and fast.,|,
Over priced mediocre food.  Poor slow service.  This is my third and last visit to this restaurant.  The food was cold.  One undercooked.  Total rip off.,|,
Third time here, ordered take out. Pad See Ew was amazing! They put it in an aluminum tray and plastic lid with cardboard bottom, so it stayed warm for the journey home. Fast, easy, decent price.,|,
I just want to let everyone know that I was completely correct in that no one from Lucky Strike had contacted me to apologize for our terrible experience. We will not be visiting them again and will ensure that we let anyone know who asks how terrible their service is.,|,
Admittedly, some dishes here are hit or miss. The hits, WAY MORE than make up for the misses. The Khao Soi is the best I've ever had,and I've had supposedly the best while visiting Thailand! Very friendly and fast service in the this lovely little hole in the wall.,|,
I have been coming here for years.  the waffle is the same awesome quality year after year and the owners are just a joy to be with.  They have started baking breads and those are simply irresistible just like their waffles.  do yourself a favor and check this place out no matter where you live!  a must visit when in Stevenson.,|,
I must've ordered incorrectly because I ordered a grilled chicken salad with hummus and got a sandwich instead. Whatever, it wasn't bad but wasn't my favorite thing either.,|,
Went here for a snack and my boyfriend and I tried the Kofta Saj, which is a ground beef, lettuce and tomato wrap with tatziki sauce. So good! Highly recommend. Service was great as well.,|,
Very impressed with the prompt service and super-friendly staff!  Love the convenient location too; they share a parking structure with Freddy's, so you can pop in, put in your order, and go grocery shopping while the pizza is being made. Doesn't get any fresher than that!,|,
This place is super yummy. I come here all the time and they never disappoint. The only complaint I have is I wish that they always offered there eggs Benedict because they only have it on the weekends.,|,
Crispy coconut shrimp, garlic shrimp scampi amazing, awesome mango slushy an ultimate margarita best times ever! Did I mention the live music Saturday night, reggaes the best!,|,
I drove from Knoxville to get Japanese hair straightening (thermal reconditioning) done. It was worth the drive. Bryan was very nice and the service was awesome. Now I could wash my hair and just let it air dry and it will be straight. Don't need to spend an hour straightening my hair anymore.,|,
I really love the Cuban coffee that I had there. The jerk chicken salad was good. I really like my experience there. I love the juices there, it makes me feel like I am in the Caribbean drinking juice.,|,
I've been there at least 10 times. The eggplant parmesan is  splendid. Generous portions. Pretty good salads, too. I think for the price it's a great lunch or lite dinner place. Their honey mustard dressing is the best I've had.,|,
I thought the food was delicious but I ended up paying the price when I got home. While waiting an hour for my food I was constantly attacked by flying bugs that almost ruined my appetite. I got back to my hotel and ate as much as I could. The entree was huge! The potstickers were just about the best I've ever had but the next day, my stomach paid the price on my decisions to eat this food. Overall it was good, but I don't think I will go there again,|,
Great hummus and homemade bread, for starters. Comfort food, strong drinks, and not too hard on the wallet! Sometimes, I want great spaghetti and meatballs! My husband always wants lamb chops, and he really likes the chops and risotto here!,|,
This place NEVER disappoints! Great quality food at reasonable prices!! Sad they took out the arroz con pollo off their menu, it was amazing!!,|,
This branch is just like the Roosters over here in Grove City and sometimes it's good to have consistency.  Sometimes you just crave some dumpster wedges or tots and I know I'll always be able to get there.  The chicken tenders are always well cooked and they have a pretty solid drink collection.  Just wish there was ginger ale!,|,
Good food and pleasant service. Self seating can be a pain sometimes, and parking is usually slim to none in the evenings. Live music was enjoyable. I bring my dogs and sit outside. They always bring me a fresh bowl of water for them, which I appreciate! I would fully recommend this place!,|,
Had a pretty good time last Friday with my sister, husband and brother-in-law.  I am excited that we found a place that we can get away from the hustle and bustle of every day madness and just enjoy some great local musicians.  At times a little too busy, but overall a fun place for us.,|,
Quite possibly the best restaurant in Atlanta. Always a go to for family birthdays. Excellent wine selection. I could eat the piroshkis for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Great setting. Great ownership.,|,
This place is amazing. Great for dine in and take out. The service is very enjoyable, everyone is friendly and great to talk to. Believe the sign outside-- the lasagna is amazing!!! Definitely recommended.,|,
I came to this Starbucks a few minutes before closing time. They had thrown out all the coffee and would not serve me. Instead, they sent me to another Starbucks at a Barnes and Noble down the street, claiming it was open late. I drove there and it was closed as well.,|,
Love love love Gilbert's.  It's such an exotic little place, with a plush mediterranean feel.  Some of the pretty boys from Blake's next door may spill over, but it's definitely more low key and relaxed.  Enjoy your super strong cosmo!  The food is delicious as well.  The hummus is yummy, and my favorite sandwich is the tender and juicy lamb burger with tzatziki sauce.  Surprisingly enough, the paella for 2 is fabulous.  Great place all around!,|,
We had an awesome time here celebrating our anniversary.  Our server was so nice, explained the menu, and was attentive.  The atmosphere was low key but fun, and we loved our meals! I had the shrimp and mussels combo with the shakin sauce, and added on corn and potatoes.  I was impressed to see a couple purple potatoes in there!! We had the spicy calamari to start and it was fantastic as well!! I can't wait to come back soon!!,|,
Second time in a row I've ordered pick up and the Pizza has been cold. If I'm paying $26 for a pizza I'd expect it to actually be hot when I pick it up. One of the times it wasn't even ready yet when I got there and it was still cold.,|,
Best Pint of Guinness I've ever had in the USA. Poured properly and well worth the wait.,|,
My first taste of pho and I have loved it since. Huge portions for a low cost and tremendous taste. I always order #16 and have never been disappointed. Unexpectedly the wings here are some of the best I have ever had. The only contention I have with Le's is the service can be absolutely horrid and you really have to flag down your waiter/waitress to get service sometimes.,|,
Lots of healthy food choices, including tons of vegan and vegetarian options. I've never been for breakfast, but apparently that is amazing as well. Much of the food comes from the UBC Farm. . Service is quick and they even serve beer. Prices are decent and there is lots of comfy seating.,|,
The ladies there were super sweet and also had great ideas for Halloween costumes. Went there in search of a one inch straightner... found a decent one for $80... which we called the 'jay-z" straightner. It's red, it's long, it brings the heat to 400 degrees!   Cute little whole-in-the-wall stores and all kinds of fun wigs!,|,
Love this place! The new location is great! I think the services provided are outstanding and recommend this to anyone looking for professional threading and/or waxing.,|,
Good pizza, with a cult following. Worth a trip out on the blue line. Not the best I've ever had--the crust is too bland and mealy, and the cheese is a little rubbery--but still delicious. The sweet, herby sauce is the best part of this pizza.  The price is right (about $10 for eight nice-sized slices). The place is unpleasantly dirty though. My water glass was filthy, and crumbs were everywhere. Friendly service and ultracasual,blue-collar atmosphere.,|,
Very nice establishment for some evening cocktails and dinner. Haven't had the food yet but I've been to the one in Dunwoody. I think once they get the ambiance right with the music and live performers it will definitely be even more of a hit. Nice wide bar and upscale,|,
The food was outstanding. We had the Wagyu Beef sliders and the baby grilled octopus. The octopus was cooked perfectly. The flavors were savory, on point. Great wine list. Had wine from Paso Robles, so amazing. Atmosphere was chill, relaxing with a touch of hipster.,|,
My boyfriend and I came here after spending time at Bracket  Town during the NCAA Final Four Weekend here in Atlanta.  It was very quiet and he atmosphere was nice and relaxing. The food came out hot. The services was great.,|,
Average family place! Like..super average. Did not smell like a diner...average customer service ..worst pancakes ever..my 90 yr old grandma can cook better than those in her sleep...totally uncooked. Anyway...  To the good part... It is cheaper and there is no wait or queue...now i know why.  We tried a club sandwich, pancakes, eggs Benny, and coffee.,|,
Great interesting dishes which are great to share.  Perfect place for a small group dinner with rounds of tapas and drinks.  Our service was spot on, and the atmosphere is perfect with the great deck.,|,
Great place with very friendly and professional staff. Prices are very reasonable despite being located in an airport. Food is high quality and delicious. This is the best spot to pass some time in Terminal A.,|,
Not impressed with the burgers at all. There was absolutely no flavor in the burger. The only reason I gave them 2 stars was for the quickness of the service. There also several option to add to a burger that has no flavor. I was so hopeful.,|,
Stopped here for a few drinks before dinner, there were some hits and misses and some ingredients that ran out pretty early in the evening. The appetizers were nicely done though.,|,
Horrible horrible service. They made us wait for 10 min for them to clear off a table. Then they pulled a reserve sign off of a table and gave it to us. After another 10 min without even being offered a drink, it was time to leave. Never going again.,|,
Loud!!!  Service is usually below par but I guess that's to be expected at a sports bar.  Food is no surprise either...  For a bar.,|,
I've been here 3 times. Food quality is ok. Food quantity is impressive. Waiters are less than impressive . Building itself is cool. A happy hour drink might come half full. It's a chain..what can I say.,|,
I love their greek chicken salads.  I've had a tuna sub from here once that I wasn't impressed with.  But the salads are really good and the feta is really fresh.  The pizza is typical greek pizza- not my favorite.  Its a little pricey- but it has to be considering the location.  If you live in the neighborhood I would definitely pick it up for an easy dinner, and if you work in the neighborhood it makes a great lunch!,|,
I have no idea how this hotel has 3 stars, I have stayed twice during busy season and it has been great. The entire hotel from the lobby to the rooms is flat out elegant. The staff is friendly and the rooms are very clean. The view is spectacular unless it is a foggy day.,|,
I came here with a bunch of ladies, post bar hopping for a bachelorette party.  Not sure what was wrong that night but the inside of the building was extremely hot.  It was more than just uncomfortable.  We shared a few doughnuts and everything was really sweet.  Too sweet for all of us.  The lines were long and slow.  Not worth waiting a long time for.,|,
Great place for drinks and appetizers late night.  Good bar menu and friendly bar tender.  The spicy pork nachos were awesome.   Only odd thing is the smell when you come in. Not sure if it cleaning product or something else.... Yikes!     Will be back hopefully after they clean/switch cleaners.,|,
If you are Chinese, there is nothing worth coming for here. The dumplings are very americanized, their boba drinks are pitiful. At more than a dollar per dumpling, you can do better anywhere in Chinatown, or even buying a frozen bag at a grocery store for 1/4 of the cost.,|,
Hidden Gem on Buford highway. I had Hugh who was not only talented but had an eye for which hairstyle matched me personally. Really took his time and paid attention to detail. I will pay any price for effort and quality and walked out of there paying the cheapest I've ever paid for a cut in Atlanta. Check them out!,|,
I have been coming here since it opened and the pizza is always amazing. It's pretty much my favorite in Austin and I love the chill south Congress vibe. I'd give it 10 stars if I could!!,|,
Not as good as Mother's or Fuller cafe. Eggs are underdone, even for over easy. Potatoes are very good and I really like the homemade ketchup. The baguettes are great with the jam and butter. Very long line, slightly chaotic wait list and they don't call you so you need to be in the lobby when it's your time. Not too bad.,|,
We have purchased several pieces of top notch quality furniture from Red Snapper and have been beyond pleased. the prices are great. Michael and Jake are extremely knowledgeable and go out of the way to help you find the piece that you are looking for. Definitely our first stop when searching for mid century furniture pieces!,|,
This place is amazing. With an appetizer, one of their pizzas should be enough for two people, so you really can't beat the price. Spectacular location right in the middle of the North End, and they give you a bottle of balsamic glaze! I've only ever had the margherita pizza and the baked ricotta, but they're both good enough that I keep coming back.,|,
Longing for some Filipino foods, visited this place and oh yeah, was not disappointed. Ordered, paid, ate and loved it!!! :D,|,
Went here on my trip to Atlanta. The food is absolutely delicious as well as it makes a lovely date night spot.,|,
FANTASTIC FOOD & SERVICE!  I would go here once a week if I could.  I love the atmosphere and the food so so much.  Have tried tons of stuff on the menu and I love it all.  Always fabulous service.  Had to wait for a long time once with a big group even though we had made a reservation and the hostess felt bad and bought all our drinks for us and 5 appetizers to share!  Everything on the menu is great and inventive.,|,
Misty is one of the area's best craft bartenders, no doubt. Beyond that all-important detail? Despite liking and missing the previous incarnation, I really like this new Green Street. The atmosphere is comfortable and upscale at the same time, and you get a sense of cohesiveness and camaraderie from the staff. The menu's short and sweet and rarely disappointing. And the brownie sundae? Goes quite well with a Toronto. Mmm.,|,
The hotel is very conveniently located close to the airport and local venues. Nice option is to leave the car there for a small fee if you fly out. The reason for 3 stars is the shuttle driver's rudeness. When I was picked up from the airport, he drove around to come back to the same gate and when I asked about it he scoffed me off,|,
Best food! Cheap, quick, local!!! Natick has a jem! You never see great places like this anymore a true classic. Everything is so high tech and cloned these days....not casey's this place is one of a kind.,|,
Way to overpriced for a goodwill, i like a good bargain!  However they did have nice stuff!,|,
Don't expect anything fancy.  You will smell like the grill, drink out of a can, and maybe even use paper plates.  But who cares!  The food is great and is prepared by super friendly owner.  It is a small time operation, so like the other review noted, finding her open may be a challenge.  Just call ahead, or if you are in Oregon City, (the real OC) you will smell the sweet smoke of yummy.,|,
The management is super rude. The manager acts like it is your privilege to be eating his food and any changes to the menu are beneath his kingdom. He also treats DoorDash customers very very poorly and is rude to the delivery person. All three doordash orders I've made from here came with a major error to the order. The food is good if you can get them to actually give you what you ordered.,|,
Although their space may be small (6 stools inside and two patio tables outside), their coffee is definitely big. Any coffee shop serving exclusively Roseline coffee knows what they're doing. From their basic drip to their carefully crafted specialty coffee drinks, Never hits the mark every time.,|,
What a relief to have a great meal in an airport. The Salmon hot pot was excellent. Can't wait to return!,|,
I have been here twice: once for a la cart and once for AYCE.  Both times, I found good value.  For the a la cart, I had a teriyaki dish, and they made adjustments to my taste with no issue.  The food was well done, and there was a lot for the price!   When I returned for AYCE, I felt there was a really good selection.  The food tasted good, and the service was good.  I would definitely go bad.  To top it off, it accepts Lyoness, so I got cash back with my meal! Bonus!,|,
Nice day spa with a variety of options and from my experience a lack of a hard sell on any products.  Very pleasant people who work there and they provide great service (bonus - they said I have great skin!).,|,
This place is great! The service is amazing. I was able to meet the chef who made the best Jerk Chicken wrap with mango salsa....BOMB!! I bought one for my husband (to go)...he loved it as well. They also have tasty cupcakes. Try the pumpkin cupcake...so goooood. Seriously. Im glad I found this gem.,|,
Check your receipt very carefully if you shop here. Things are often rung up differently (usually more) than they are priced.  Produce is not very fresh. Why is the quality at this store so inferior to other Star Markets? I'd rather drive a mile and a half further to the one on route 9 just to get produce that isn't rotten by the time you get home.,|,
This is an alright italian resturant. The garlic bread is a big roll soaked in oil and comes with pasta. I got baked ziti, which was penne with chese melted on top. Serving sizes were on the snaller side and the pasta was bland. Probably wouldn't come back to this restaurant.,|,
There was a huge pile of puke outside their store that no one cleaned up, a homeless man begging for money right behind the puke, another homeless man using their phone at the photo center for over ten minutes, and the quality of my photos were so bad I had to return them. The current manager on site did not apologize for the poor quality and seemed to care less for that matter.,|,
Best yellow curry I've tasted.  I'm not an expert on Thai cuisine, but I've been going to Titaya's for years.  Now that they have re-opened after their re-model, the place is definitely nicer on the inside as well.  Great food.,|,
Decor is kitschy but clean and layout is nice. Staff are friendly and prompt.   Their tacos try a bit too hard to be creative, I feel. Stick with the classics and do them well unless you have a really unique combo. Tortillas for my tacos were limp and greasy. This def ain't California!,|,
Coffee and sandwich place. I had a turkey sandwich, which was pretty good. Went to over a Latte after lunch at 2:52pm (they close at 3pm) and they told me no, because they already cleaned the machine :/ one star for poor customer service.,|,
Wonderful meal and atmosphere.  The outside is so different from what we discovered inside. The prices were unbelievable.  Had a carnitas wet burrito and there must have been half pound of meat that was well seasoned.  The guacamole was fresh and delish. What a hidden treasure!,|,
Grimy - seedy - unappetizing in every possible manner.  This past Saturday, 80s dance night consisted of the overwhelming stench of human body odor, a sorry absence of fun hair metal rock, and an overabundance of emo new wave - dislike.  That, and a 7$ cover to experience the high school Rocky Horror brand of alternative, replete with many persons in possession of ripped clothing and crazy eyes.  My heart swept to the nearby ZuZu and Middle East. Next time.,|,
Tonight, we had the most pleasant meal I've ever had. Good pizza. Great Bowie. Queen. The Cure. Great drink selection.  We ate the brattle. Highly recommended from us. Tonight was a quiet, cold Thursday night, and we loved the low key ambiance. People seemed to be loving the soup. Great for a cold winter evening. The guys were pretty funky and cool, too. Bit of advice: follow the vibe. If it's quiet, be easy. If it's lively, go with it. And be happy!,|,
One of the best veggie burgers I've ever eaten. The poutine with mushroom miso gravy is out of this world. And the IPA and chocolate stouts my party ordered were both delicious.,|,
Would have given La Taq 5 stars after it first opened. We had great service, food and drinks. But the last few times we've been the service has been awful and the bartender (with the Australian accent) only looks your way if you're one of the beautiful people. Really disappointing! Not going back, at least until the service is better.,|,
The good: the service was great and the line wasn't too long when I went on a Monday evening!  The bad: My order came with an incredible amount of cream-based sauce that was just too heavy for my liking. As a Mediterranean restaurant, I would have appreciated there to be more acidity to cut through the heaviness.,|,
This hotel is my normal first choice for the location near family I am visiting, but this time I had room overlooking the pool.  It is very noisy with unsupervised children yelling well past 11pm, in violation of the hotel's own policy.  Most we're under 14 years of age, again contrary to stated hotel policy.  If you want quiet, avoid the pool side rooms.,|,
Its hard not to admit that the sandwiches here are really good.  Each inspired by a popular restaurant around boston, the sanwiches at Parish are pretty delicious and original.  The drinks are pretty yummy as well (also strong).  BUT the prices are pretty high.  Try it out once at least, but there are other good sandwich places for much more reasonable prices.,|,
This is my all time favorite place to eat , ever!  Everything is Vegan,  and so wonderfully delicious.  The Pho is my fave and I have to order it every time I go there.  The vegetable and spring rolls are awesome as well. It is ran by Buddhist Nuns who are just wonderful.  The language barrier proves to be comical at times.  Can't overstate how wonderful this place is,|,
Loved this place! I was in Colorado on vacation from Chicago and my friend found this place online. There was a bit of a wait, but it was soooo worth it. I had the Cajun omelette and it was awesome. The potatoes were perfect. The biscuits were some of the best I ever had. I would definitely come back here if I'm ever in Colorado.,|,
I went here for A casual drink and convo! Listen..the mojitos are pretty good with the cane sugar stick in it.,|,
This is only a comment on their vegetarian fare. Good starter (battered and fried vegetables) and nice simple kale salad but their vegetarian risotto was no risotto. It was more if a tasty rice dish served inside a overcooked and mushy bell pepper. The dish did not have a creamy, brothy quality. I suspect it wasn't even arborio rice. Very disappointing. Just serve a "rice" dish but don't call it "risotto".,|,
Won't be coming back here. I usually disregard reviews that only talk about service and not food but now I get it. The service here ruined our meal. We came in for happy hour -food and drinks took forever and our server only seemed nice when she brought the check. If this place had stellar food it would offset the bad service but unfortunately it doesn't. Food was decent but nothing to brag about. Some of our oysters were literally the size of a quarter and I'm talking about the shell.,|,
Good happy hour, and good fish and pork tacos. They are a little pricey if you don't hit happy hour, but still, it's good food. Service has never been bad. I'll go maybe twice a year.,|,
Decided to head over to Chen's after we walked into Asia cafe and the place was packed.  I ordered the Curry Rib soup and it was awesome! Spicy but not too spicy, had some excellent bok-choy and tomatoes. The rib meat was so tender and the noodles were nice and chewy.  We also had the steamed dumplings which were excellent as well. Nice dough and tasty insides.  Can't wait to come back and try it again. They were out of the combination soup which was my first choice.,|,
I went to the Weymouth location yesterday using a Groupon deal.  Beautiful salon, great staff, and my Stylist, Meredith, was fabulous  Definitely would recommend!,|,
Best burritos around town! Excellent customer service... try to eat here whenever I am in town.,|,
My opinion on this restaurant a little while back was definitely swayed by the service but I have to say that after coming back today, it was definitely better. My server Vanessa was on it and attentive. The menu has changed but she definitely knows her stuff. I would recommend the restaurant and definitely the service.,|,
Phó is something I purchase regularly from this place, and after trying a few places around town, this place has the best I've tasted in Vancouver. Friendly and fast service to help with my lunch break stop and go!,|,
My experience with Thierry Chocolaterie Patisserie Cafe was luxury.  I had this feeling when I go into Holt Renfew shopping lol.  I would go back in a beat.  The exotic desserts are exceptional.  Every bite is a goodness like spoiling yourself with no excuses need it.  Allowing yourself to indulge the richness through your taste bugs from a tiny bite of the dark chocolate and a sip of cappuccino with no sugar.. ahh heaven... there you are..,|,
This dark, non-smoking bar, is tucked away from the stuff on 28th. I enjoyed it enough, kinda typical NYC or SF urban style. The music wasn't constant and there were dead silences (weird) but on the plus side they were playing Team America which is super funny. A few friends came in with a bottle of wine that we were going to imbibe at home and the bartender told us to take it out of the bar or cork it. Random, rude and uncalled for.,|,
I went with my boyfriend and we got the saag paneer and the cholley with an order of naan. Both were very flavorful and delicious. The staff was also extremely courteous and attentive. A great experience overall!,|,
Out of all the sushi places I've been to, I have to say they consistently had fresh fish each and every single time I've been here. The prices are fair for the amount and freshness of the fish. I find myself craving the soft and sweet salmon all the time!,|,
This place is a favorite of mine for breakfast, esp the oyster omelette. It had been 6 years since I last visited and still delicious and just as I remembered.,|,
I go to this place twice a week as I work so close.  I work long hours and need to get a good quality balanced meal in the middle of the day. The staff always have beaming smiles and are super polite. The food is always so fresh and healthy with fresh herbs. Love it! Now it might not be for everyone as you would have to like this type of food but for me it's hands down the best Thai food in Austin. You have to try the Thai Iced Tea it's superb!,|,
Quality of food is good but a rip off, just be beware if you order food to go, your California rolls will hardly have any crab in it. They stuffed in too much cucumber and avocado in it.  Also, the tuna rolls were not fresh. SMH.,|,
Generally I'm not a fan of chains (hence the 3 stars instead of the 4 it would have gotten)...but anything that specializes in grilled cheese definitely has my vote!  Went for the first time last weekend with a livingsocial in hand.  It was well worth it!  I will be back for sure.  I had the Yoga Teacher (turkey, provolone, avocado, on whole grain) and it was delicious!  It was clean in there, although we did go at about 11AM...,|,
We stopped in Treat Cupcake Bar after dinner at Shake Shack. Super cute little cupcakery, but it was too cold to stay and eat. The air conditioning was blasting. We grabbed our cupcakes to go and fled before we turned into popsicles. The vanilla cupcake with sprinkles had a nice cake to sprinkle ratio.,|,
Owner is super helpful and will greet you upon entering. He'll easily get you outta here under your budget. Asked for a malbec and white wine for gifts and he picked out both my bottles super quick. Stopped in on my way home from work and was in and out in 5 minutes and under my $30 budget. Looks like people regularly stop by to drink wine/partake in tastings.,|,
Navarre is now one of my favorite restaurants in Portland.  I love the ordering system of checking off what you want on a piece of paper and having the option of a small plate or large plate.  Every single thing we had was really good.  The service was friendly too.,|,
This place is really good at what they do well. The corn fritters that they serve as an appetizer are very tasty. They do a very nice job with the shrimp as well. I ordered the Royal Red fried shrimp dinner and they were just about perfect for fried shrimp, very tasty and perfectly prepared. The atmosphere is basic seafood restaurant style, nothing fancy. The place is large inside and attracts a big crowd of tourists and locals,|,
I've been coming here since I had my little one and it's such a great shop! They have great prices on things and the staff is very friendly. I'm especially fond of the playroom that my daughter uses while I peruse the racks. It's a great little gem that has saved me a lot of money. The only thing is I wish they had more inventory! They have some cute stuff but it does tend to go fast.,|,
Friendly service, and great coffee. The food was good, and survice was quick. I would definately reccomned this place for out of towners.,|,
friendly staff, huge assortment of curious george trinkets, shirts, toys and books, prices were reasonable,|,
If you like traditional German food I highly recommend Schmidt's, the food is excellent and if you like it they have  a dinner buffet any sausage lover could really return for., personally I will go back for the traditional corned beef Rubin, real German potato salad and chunky apple sauce just try the deserts, (look at the strudel in the case before you order, it may not look what you think it should). The cream puffs are n experience you have to experience. A bit pricey but well worth it.,|,
I've always been interested in the sandwiches-created-by-Boston chefs idea at this restaurant, but everytime I've tried to go it's been like a 36 hour wait, which is really frustrating. FINALLY, on an overcast Friday afternoon at 2:30, there was no wait.  I'm glad that I perserved though. The Flour BLT was an exquisite sandwich, with oven roasted tomatoes, basil pesto mayo, and great texas toast. Served with some cape cod potato chips, all I was missing was the beach.   Great place.,|,
We went for lunch yesterday,  and it was great!  While I wasn't sure what to expect,  the prices were amazing - Super inexpensive.! We got a big fusion mix,  literally.  Had some hot and sour soup,  sushi rolls and Chinese/Thai dishes.  Great lunch for the price and nice service. I even had a ton of leftovers,  so good!  I would go back for sure.,|,
We love this place.  They have a special on Wednesday's for a soda and two slices of any kind of pizza for $3.99.  You can't beat that!  It's part of our regular weekly routine.,|,
Hands down THE best frozen custard I've ever had. The selection/flavors/combinations--superb!!!  Come on thru!! Bring your family and friends!,|,
Max & Dylan's is one of my go to places. Menu items I recommend: Ahi Tuna salad, Mac & Cheese, Clam Chowder. Sooo good the staff is friendly and the drinks are amazing.,|,
Meh. An a-ok, Intimate place to have a quaint concert. I was left neither disappointed, or amazed.   The view, on the standing portion of the venue, and the balcony up top was stellar- not a bad seat to be had. However, the venue was a tad too loud for my liking (since the sound bounced off the walls) especially up in the balcony.   By the way, beware if you sit down in the seats at the balcony, though. The seats smell like someone pooted. You'll have to break out the Fabreeze at home later.,|,
Look, I love Nothing Bundt Cakes.  It's yummy, it's moist and who DOESN'T love a good bundt?!  I've had lots of their flavors (as you can tell by my food baby on certain days), and my favorite is the chocolate chocolate chip.   Because the cakes are so sweet, as is the icing, I highly suggest sticking with the mini bundts.   Anyway - enjoy!,|,
The beef!  I am dropping five stars on this place simply because of the beef (and late hours).  Their roast beef is nice and tender and comes on a crisp and delicious onion roll if you order the big one.  You should go order one right now, as a matter of fact.  Also, everything tends to close pretty early in Massachusetts.  Except for Simard's.  They will feed you into the wee hours of the morning.,|,
I love this Salon! The owner is always on top of everything and very customer oriented. They are very accommodating to get you in for the services you are looking for. Recently had the eyelash extensions - FANTASTIC LOOKING. Very natural but added much needed fullness and length. Try this salon- I'm sure you will be very happy.,|,
I'm in love with their chicken rice lunch special. The atmosphere is pleasant and casual. Staff is kind. Like the sushi bar where they prepare right in front of you. Nice touch,|,
By far my favorite KBBQ in Oregon. The kimchi is always pickled to perfection. I've eaten a lot of kimchi in my life so trust me when I say this place has the best. The portions sizes are huge when grilling. The staff is friendly, the place is clean. I usually try and go when it's not busy, cause this place can get very loud. I just wish it wasn't so far away from me.   Items must try would be:  Bossam Kimchi stew Thick cut pork belly Kimchi pancake And always peach soju,|,
As a former resident of Wellesley who lived there until 1989, one of my cravings every time I come home is the Greek style hamburger and onion pizza. The hamburger is ground up and the taste is so unique. Had the pizza again today and LOVE it. In a Wellesley that has very much changed, Nicks has not and I love them for that. If you are looking for a $50 designer pizza go elsewhere. If you want a real traditional style Greek pizza Nicks is the place,|,
I ate here recently for lunch and really enjoyed my meal.  I had a Quinoa salad and it was phenomenal.  Real nice bartender.  Great meal.,|,
The food was good. The seating was very minimal 10 chairs max at 3 tables. The wait was pretty considerable to with small portions. Good for light to go food or a gluten free option.,|,
I've been meaning to try this place for awhile. I rarely find a restaurant that has a cold noodle dish (one of my favourite things to eat)   The cold noodles were tasty and chewy! Perfect for hot summer weather.   The sushi though looked like they were thrown together ... Very sloppy ... And quite honestly look like they were made for a Barbie play set ... VERY small pieces.,|,
This Starbucks is terrible. Staff is not friendly. My coffee tasted nothing like it should of and tasted more of water then coffee. I'm afraid to even have them correct it with their poor service they gave me to start with. I'll just drink it or toss it. This one is also slow considering it's dragon con and it's packed,|,
Simple this is my favorite seafood restaurant. After going to legal for years Finz has made me switch,|,
Cheeseboy is awesome. The heavy handed servings of jalapeno are not.  You have been warned!,|,
This experience was fantastic. Blue is an incredible server. We had a blast. The Southern burger double patties was absolutely perfect! Try this place out and get Blue. It's worth it.,|,
Kelly is a sweetheart ... Accommodating, professional, quick & efficient. Who could ask for more?,|,
The food tasted good. The waitress who took the orders were trying too hard to sell their products (i don't like this). They rushed us when we were deciding what to order. The price of the food was not cheap at all.,|,
Very average customer service.  Employees aren't too friendly. Went in this morning and asked for 6 bagels sliced and toasted and was given the eat $*** and die look since there was a short line behind me. If you aren't ready to simply toast a few bagels maybe you should have a few more people working in the morning to help with the rush.,|,
This DD is the absolute worst. Every single time I come here they are always out of normal things, and when they actually have things in stock, it takes forever to get it after you order.,|,
I was very impressed. There's a huge line always, we went on a Sunday night, there was no line. I'm glad we went bc now I will know its worth it to wait in line.   I'd be happy to go back again with 6 people or less! I had the chicken enchiladas and my husband had the steak burrito.  Everything was amazing!!! We didn't get drinks but I can't wait until next time.,|,
Tony and Tina are awesome owners and have done a great job with the store.  Great prices, clean and always neat new things!,|,
We were seated quickly and our waitress helped us decide what to get - I got the Mi Casa salad with carne asada. Honestly, it was one of the most full and flavorful salads I've had. Overall, a really pleasant experience!,|,
Let me start by saying that I love red Robin, but this particular one has horrible service, first they forgot my BF's drink, then they forgot my burger, and they also neglected to refill anyone at my table's drink without being asked. I will probably never come to this location again.,|,
This is usually my favorite place to come but the wait this time was fucking ridiculous. Some ladies who came and say themself got waited on and acknowledged before we did after sitting there for a good 20 minutes so we got up and left. Annoying,|,
We loved the place  Hate the Parking..  Food was Great  portions were not filling..,|,
We went there on Sunday at 3pm the place was still packed. I orders the shrimp and grits which were tasty. It was not something that knocked me off my feet. My friend order the ultimate pancakes with sausage and eggs. It was good but he should have gotten bacon instead of sausage. Overall the place is cool but little pricey with all the other cool brunch spots Atlanta has to offer.,|,
Pretty good cuban spot. Only my 2nd time having Cuban cuisine and I was very pleased. Food was good and staff was fun and friendly. I would def recommend this place for a first timer.,|,
Stopped by for an appetizer and happened to be there during happy hour. Good Rose' champagne and the mussels were perfect.  Had pulled pork tacos good meal and they recommended crostini which turned out to be more bread then topping.   Chill place and service was good.,|,
total punk dive. the music is loud. i used to go here to people watch about 5 years ago. i recently visited and it was the same portland punk scene (a few punky hipsters) this is not a place to make friends. but if you have a few friends and y'all want cheap drinks and good people watching and to be left alone for the most part this is the place to go to.,|,
Nice price and awesome room. The big guy concierge rocks. He is always so helpfull. Too bad I cant remember his name. This hotel has everything. My husband and I love there.,|,
Went today with a friend. The food was great.  I ordered the fried black bean cakes with poached eggs and hash towns.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I thought it was going to be more like refried beans which would've been OK, but this was very tasty...  Looks like they had homemade jam for the toast which was also very good...,|,
When your wife calls you at work, after receiving an arrangement, and you hear the emotions of joy and happiness overwhelming her all is good.  Thank you for an amazing first experience Beaverton Florists, I'll definitely be back!,|,
Very friendly staff.  Prompt service.  Our pancakes, scrambled eggs, and french toast were delcious.,|,
I have purchased a refrigerator, washer and dryer at this business, and I have to say the staff is extremely professional and courteous.  The prices are fair, and the added bonus of delivery (at least $25) and removal of old appliances is wonderful.    I would not hesitate to go back to them again.  Thanks guys!!,|,
Cute place located right on Centre Street with a small patio yet just enough so you can enjoy some of the weather outside with cocktails. Came here the other day for drinks while I was waiting for a reservation at another restaurant and although I did try the food it looked like it would be OK. But the scorpion bowl, two thumbs up as it was strong and tasty!,|,
The food was absolutely incredible.,|,
This was one of the first places we went too. Absolutely the best. Happy hour was 1.00 oysters and the bartender Paul I do believe was his name was the best. What a warm and friendly place. Keep up the great job!!!!,|,
Large portions for a low price. Fast and lovely service. A weekly venture for me and it never lets me down!,|,
Came here today for the first time and everything was good. Realllyyyy good cannoli. Also tried a few cookies and the walnut raisin biscotti. It's a to go place so there are no tables. Nice staff. Loses a star because I asked for a cinnamon apple turnover and she did not put it in the bag. I didn't know it wasn't there until I was long gone. I also prefer a place where I can sit inside to eat and have coffee. May return to take some pastries home still,|,
My only beef with Dressew is they don't accept Visa, forcing me to either bring enough cash when I come.. which I never know how much to take, or use my Interac card which I also never use anywhere else but here.,|,
Tried this location immediately after they opened. Brisket and ribs had great flavor. I love BBQ and have also been to Blacks in Lockhart. It is difficult for me to say who is better. The flavor and tenderness of the meat at this Austin BBQ restaurant was outstanding!,|,
Awesome place!  Tom helped us pick a fabulous mattress that was selling for 1/3 of the MSRP.  We got a king mattress, box spring, frame, and mattress cover for less then 1/2 the original price of just the mattress.  Tom was friendly, professional, and very helpful.  We had the mattress delivered within 24 hours and he delivery people recycled our old mattress for only $20.  Seriously the best deal in high end mattresses in Portland!  Check it out!  It's a bit of a drive but totally worth it.,|,
Haven't been to Waterford Lakes in a minute,especially to eat, but Finally a really good restaurant in Waterford Lakes ,from the atmosphere,the food, to the service,everything was phenomenal,spectacular wine list on top of it all, 6stars!!!!,|,
Great food!  Great service!  The interior could use some improvement, maybe some paint.  But the food makes up for it.  Burgers are good. Love the chicken burrito.,|,
Rating solely on dancing aspect.  No cover, easy parking and lots of bartenders.  Place was so packed it was very hard to dance. If you like to dance with a group of friends or don't mind being restrained then dj will do. Only heard one bachata song and the rest regueton and hip hop in a span of 35 minutes.  For those that truly like Latin dancing like salsa and bachata and want to dance, this is not the place. It's not possible to dance with a partner at all or do turns.,|,
Cool little place about to order the mother clucker and a beer,|,
Food was amazing. So much flavor and the sides were outstanding. The restaurant was clean and very industrial modern. Loved the ordering process and the staff was very nice. Definitely recommend the Venezuelan empanadas and the sandwiches. Don't forget the plantains on the side. We will definitely be back!,|,
Worst hair cut ever, not only myself but my husband just needed a trim around his neck , she trimmed around ears etc , all uneven husband told her about it so she trimmed more still uneven ,,,will not return I have given them three times , and don,t say you get what you pay for  the point is we pay for services but are rushed in and out , America take pride no matter what you do do it well.,|,
This is not your typical Mexican restaurant. The dishes are chock full of vegetables. The corn tortillas are thick and homemade. The portions are huge. I enjoyed my dinner here but it was not the Mexican dinner I was hoping for as I didn't research the menu before arriving.  I would come back again but not for when I have a craving for Mexican food. That being said, the food at this place is very good.,|,
The best Chinese food I have ever had, not to mention it's 100% vegan. Decent prices, top notch service, and ah-mazing food is an unbeatable combination.,|,
The beef was the consistency of rubber. The lo mien noodles weren't lo mien noodles. The service was so bad I was amazed my girlfriend tipped at all.,|,
Uno dei pochi ristoranti nel quartiere aperti fino a tardi. Posto accogliente e piatti molto deliziosi. Si trova sempre posto anche di sabato sera. Ovviamente i camerieri sono gentili. Consiglio il meatloaf. Anche i dolci sono niente male.,|,
I love Chipotle, hands down my favorite place to go for a burrito bowl. The food is great, quality, quantity is all good.   The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is because a couple of the employees give you unfriendly looks when you ask for a certain thing this way or that way but most are great!  Taste wise it's the best Chipotle I've been to so far!,|,
Food has been going downhill. I ordered a jerk chicken wrap and they out chicken fat and cartilage in my wrap. CARELESS. Also there was sign in the front by the juices it stated something regarding giving out free food "we do not give out free food #keepyourGHETTOquestions...."etc. You fucking coon ass . Wtf do u classify as ghetto. As a black owned business how dare you!!!!!humble yourself. Disgusting and offensive. Won't be returning,|,
Arty low-key brightly painted café reminiscent of an artists' studio hidden away in West Newton. Somewhat uncomfortable glass top tables, decent selection of treats and lite lunch.,|,
I made my very first gun purchase here I know somewhat about guns, but I came in knowing what I wanted I asked a lot of questions and the guys there didn't make me feel uncomfortable or stupid of the gun I wanted and it was a very smooth fast process. Definitely looking into more guns and this will be my first stop.,|,
Great place the staff was friendly the food was great. Got to meet Paul from the show he was great with all his fans. Took pictures with everyone. Really had a great time.,|,
Great place to go with the family and get healthy salad with plenty of options! I love this place. Very clean, friendly staff.,|,
This place has bomb chicken fingers! I am one of the pickiest eaters there is and they are awesome! I order delivery pretty often and it has always arrived hot and correct! Definitely recommend you give it a try!,|,
For some reason, I despise this place.  Whether it's a poetry reading or a throbbing Friday night, it's overrated, overcrowded and I end up leaving within an hour.,|,
I have had mixed experiences at this restaurant. Sometimes there's steak tips are perfectly done and very tender other times they taste like shoe leather. Their pizza is fairly consistent in about average. He seems to be fairly clean and has extremely fast turnover on most of the items on their menu.,|,
Nice rooms but for a big weekend (SEC championship and Falcons game) under staffed and and room service keeps extending the wait time for food. We just cancelled humus and chips because it take so long to cook.,|,
My friends and I come here at least once a week. Their service is great and very friendly. The food is always great and there are a few items that are not on the menu that are the specials. You have to ask them about it. It's a nice place to hangout and have a few beers and appetizers. The pineapples ice cream is the best and its sugar free but you can't tell if they didn't tell you. They also deliver also if you just want to eat at home. There are lot of off street parking.,|,
I've been a fan of this place since they first opened and have the honor of being the most long-lasting customer. A perk of walking in an open door just as they opened.  Vintage from the start has been committed to "Cocktails done right" and has definitely matured over the years to provide a warm, casual, and fun atmosphere with a sophisticated pallet.  Highly recommended and maybe I'll see you there! Or message me, let's go!,|,
around lunch time, the outside line can be daunting but nothing too bad, ahhhh, their sandwiches i'm now wanting!  food is delicious and menu is ever-changing  so i always make sure, to never get the same thing  waitress was courteous; she didn't keep us waiting the walls are decorated with awards and paintings  so you get a little art, plus a little of their pride overall, it's a great place, i give it four stars out of five,|,
Nice casual day time bar.  Great on a summer day to just kick back, grab a drink with a few buddies, and people watch all day.  It's reasonably priced, good beer selection.  You can't go wrong.,|,
Very friendly staff and warm atmosphere. Up-cycled chairs with picnic table cloths; it's a humble and welcome transformation from the yuppy, pretentious offerings nearby. Parking within a block is easy. The food is fresh, wholesome and made with extra love (and spice!) I have only been here for the special Saturdays, but can't wait to go back for brunch. Happy that this place is holding on to it's roots while gentrification creeps on by in the shadows.,|,
Summer shack always provides a stable quality bake and fresh. Definitely drop the tastes of oysters in this season but still well maintained.,|,
Very friendly, even with our 4 year old.  They fixed a screw in our glasses, which has been fixed 2 other time by other shops.  He took time to explain why the screws keep falling out (turns out we really need to send these back to manufacturer.  Didn't charge us anything for about 10-15 minutes of his repair time.  Even had jelly beans for our kid while we waited.  Awesome.,|,
If you live in the Lake Mary area & you love a great layered look there is no excuse not to go see Briana Styles at Velvet!!  I live in Atlanta now and have had some atrocious cuts for DOUBLE what Bri cost me AND none of those stylists were half as personable as she is.  LOVE her, LOVE my hair, just wish she'd consider relocating to Atlanta so I could go to her regularly!,|,
I feel like this place is really ideal for happy hour. Their prices during that time are really great. I don't eat seafood but I tried the coconut shrimp and it was delicious. Really happy with the outcome of the food and drinks.,|,
We never got served. So we left. No chocolate. No tour.  There was 2 people working, 6-7 customer and myself and my daughter. No one looked at us, greeted us or acknowledged us at all. We stood, we paced and we walked out. We were in there at 2:30 today...didn't even get to buy any chocolate. What a disappointment. This place is nothing to spend your money on. Trust me!,|,
Really enjoyed the tour, I thought it was a little pricey only to find a $3 coupon here on yelp after the fact (disappointing), but our tour guide was energetic and engaging.,|,
Their prime rib sandwich is easily the best prime rib in the Denver area. Tastes awesome, melts in your mouth, no gristle. Just perfect. 5 stars.  Decent beer selection. 4 stars  Flatbread pizza is ok. The pretzels are super good. But nothing can touch the prime rib.  The service is sometimes great, sometimes mediocre, sometimes awful. 1 star for the awful times (most recently after 42 minutes still didn't have our food).,|,
I ordered the colossal cobb salad and was not impressed. The ham felt like I was eating hard wax, which made me sick to my stomach afterwards. I really want to like this cart, and plan on getting something else next time.,|,
The happy hour is great, they also have appetizers included. Even when the restaurant is really busy, the costumer service is outstanding. I would definitely recommend this place. ( just for the happy hour),|,
This is around the corner from my house so it's often a go-to.   I would say if you are craving run of the mill Tex-Mex, this is it. The waitstaff are less than excited and don't hide it. I try not to sit in booths, for whatever reason the service declines along the walls?? Needless to say, it's an easy place to go where you will never encounter a wait and the food will always be consistent.   I believe on Mondays there is an all night happy hour of drinks and food. Always a plus.,|,
This location did a 180! Not sure if it is under new management but the location was completely renovated and everyone we've come across so far has been incredibly professional and friendly. We even had one order made slightly incorrectly so they made us a new one immediately, let us keep the old one and on top of that, added a 2 liter of soda for free for the inconvenience. So glad this location shaped up!,|,
The dishes here look so beautiful and taste very nice. I strongly recommend seafood curd. It contains a lot of seafood and Chinese vegetables.,|,
Not upset just disappointed. We waited over an hour for rolls and a few apps. The fish and soy sauce had little flavor and the rolls were very very small. Left hungry and sad :(,|,
I ordered food for the Boulder office and arrived here only to realize I had placed the order at the Denver location. The manager on duty decided to make me the order again and never charged me again. This is an amazing business to have bailed me out of my own stupidity,|,
First time to Orlando and try to find a good place for sushi. This restaurant is nice and everything we had was good. Highly recommended!,|,
Don't waste your time stopping.  They don't have what they advertise, and don't answer the call button.,|,
Sushi to go on Denman Street near Stanley Park  Reasonably good sushi at a touristy location.   Although you can eat there, we took our sushi and tempura to go ... it was "good enough" - what else do you expect from a fast food style place on a tourist strip?   There is far better sushi (really good) in Vancouver, but not at this price point near this location.  For what it is, it was a good value.,|,
Don't change a thing, Eurasia!! This place has quickly risen to my top 3 favorites in Austin with just one visit!,|,
As good as it gets for all you can eat I had low expectation for this place, which is probably why I was pleasantly surprised. The aburi sushi tasted good, of course not compatible to Miku and minami, but still delicious. The meat's flavor was really good. There are other neat little surprises like deep fried mochi and such. If you got a big group of heavy eaters, this place is perfect for you,|,
Very nice and clean place to eat. Loved the atmosphere and music. Service was great and the food was the best part! I wasn't sure my kids would like it but they really loved the food!,|,
I went here for the first time a few months ago with a gift certificate from my husband's boss.  I had the most fantastic prenatal massage from Kim. Like made my week kind of massage.  Not only was she courteous, professional, and awesome at her job,  the spa itself was lovely. The staff were very friendly and low key and there was a quiet, relaxed waiting area. All around great experience.,|,
Cool environment right on the water and nice and open so get a good breeze.  The food was solid but expensive. Seems a bit overpriced for the laid back feel of the place. But overall a solid eat if you don't mind spending a little more.,|,
Ummm.... Awful all around!  Please save your money and go somewhere else.  Service is the worst.  And you will be waiting forever.  Seriously,  plenty of other places around Disney that will take your money!,|,
Artisanal cheese appetizer was good. Took 15 minutes to get our waitress to the table another 15 to get my drink to the table . Risotto was great! The steak was over salted & I couldn't eat it! Sorbet was terrific! Potato bread was so tasty! Sushi appetizer was awesome! Would I go here again on my next visit probably not!,|,
Overpriced and too much frufru... Very noisy and not a good selection for lunch. Too expensive and over spiced. Tried four tomes nut still disappointed. Seasons 52 much better!!,|,
Their chicken fried rice, or any of the fried rice is fantastic. It only comes with onions and peas and your choice of protein but boy are those veggies fresh. The family is always welcoming and the food is always a great choice.,|,
Well, I thought no one could make a cappuccino as well as Coffeehouse Northwest...Barista can.  This is an excellent coffee shop and the staff is incredibly friendly and knowledgeable.  I have had espresso, cappuccino, and french press coffee here and all have been excellent.  The space itself is nice and open and also has an outdoor seating option.  Go to Coffeehouse NW if you want a more casual feel (and a younger crowd), go here if you're in The Pearl and want a great cup of coffee.,|,
First time here and it was a wonderful experience! We arrived and the first thing I noticed was how clean/nice the restaurant was. The servers were all very attentive and friendly. They served us mini sorbets before dinner and they were delicious! I had the Chicken Pad Thai and it was so good! Even the way the food was presented on the plate was so nice. I will definitely bring my friends and family here again.,|,
Really impressed! Food was excellent! All sorts of authentic flavors hit my tongue. A conglomerates of spices and textures done right. And the portions were gigantic. And for such an unassuming place. It's a hidden gem! Prices were great too! So was service! Definitely bringing my friends back!,|,
Excellent spicy sausage pizza. Chicken Parmesan sliders were a great appetizer.,|,
The food was good. They didn't have pitchers for beer. That was a bummer. The service was pretty good. The atmosphere was a little different than what I expected. It was quiet as hell in the bar even though college football was on. That shocked me. Maybe it's louder on NFL game days.,|,
Pricey, but the spinach calzone is to die for!!! My kids also love the cheese pizza and can we just talk about the salad dressing the use in the Greek salad!?! OMG - if they bottles it I would buy it by the gallon. Soooooooo good!,|,
I've often scoffed at the hyperbolic hear-say surrounding Veracruz, but elected to give them a call this morning during a work break for a breakfast taco. I was placed on hold for twelve minutes. Being sassy and white, I showed them the phone upon my arrival, still on hold, and ordered at the window. They apologized. After eating my taco: I would be placed on hold at a pay phone in a hailstorm until there's a female president to eat that again. Go to here. I apologized.,|,
Fabulous wine flights, great service, divine cheese plates, and chocolate fondue to finish a perfect dinner with friends :),|,
I found this place to be a little pompous. The food is pretty good, but the attitude is not. The crowd seems to be the type that aren't really interested in anything other than themselves. If your looking for a nice place to have a cocktail with a few friends, then this place is fine. A very gay friendly venue.,|,
I have been a customer at this Bertuccis for a long time and the new restaurant is great. The changes to the menu are fantastic. There is a blonde manager there who has really changed the place around from what it was. She treats everyone like family including the staff and you can tell that they really want to be there. I highly recommend this restaurant!,|,
Calamari was over cooked.  The pizza for $11 was a disappointment to say the least.,|,
Drinks are expensive, not worth the free ticket for the country concert my gf and I went to.  I also left my fitbit there, called their messaging service two different times and never received a call back as I was told I would receive.  very poor customer service.,|,
The only nail place to go to. Andy n Rosie are the best. Love them. Come check them out!,|,
Good but too expensive for my taste.  I choose Coco donuts.,|,
My family and I are big Thomas Haas and Ganache Patisserie fans, and I wanted to get cakes to celebrate an occasion with my family, but since both were already closing, I ended up going to Thierry. Boy, that ended up being a great choice as we liked the different chocolate cake slices that we got here a bit more than the other 2 places. The chocolate was very high quality and the cakes emphasized the chocolate taste. I'm definitely coming back.,|,
We had breakfast here, and for the price, was expecting much more. The Eggs Benedict was delicious, but the Avocado Toast was a slight disappointment. The $20 dish is definitely excessive for what it was. While the goat cheese was a nice addition, there was barely any avocado on the piece of bread.   Our food came out pretty fast, and service was very good. It is a good option for hotel guests.,|,
Great service.  Also offers a 10% discount to students.,|,
Small little place but extremely friendly staff, delicious poutine, sandwich and dips for the fries.,|,
Carlucci's is a very average Italian restaurant.  I had Eggplant Parmesan and some appetizers - garlic rolls and pizza rolls.  None of it was bad, but nothing to rave about either.  My best impression was the fact that they had a number of craft beers in bottle - Victory Hop Devil (IPA) and Pennant Ale '55 (English Pale Ale) included - along with the standard Italian mainstay Peroni.  Knowing that I'll probably have to settle for the latter is always a downside of eating Italian for me.,|,
Discovered this Mexican cart in the new food carts at 43rd & SE Belmont (across the street from the old food carts). The woman and man inside were both super nice and accommodating.  I had the mushroom burrito in a bowl ($6.50) and they were able to sub black beans for the usual pinto beans. The bowl is generous (even includes guacamole) and more than enough for a full meal. It was really fresh and flavorful. I'll definitely be back.,|,
Really good, but not worth the wait.   Medina has a couple of must tries - the waffles, the cassoulet, and the tagine. Quality and ambiance is top notch, and the prices are fair.  However, the one knock - and it's a big one - is that the lines are simply too long and they aren't necessarily justified.   Medina is good, but is it the best brunch spot in Vancouver? Not at all. It doesn't make sense to wait an hour for a "pretty good" brunch.,|,
Just called to get a price quote and talk about unfriendly. I'm sorry am I bothering you by asking questions? I told her no thank you I could tell by her unfriendly and put out attitude that I wanted nothing to do with them.,|,
Expensive pizza that's not very good. Better options nearby.  One large pizza was almost $18. The dough they use is very airy, maybe it's just personal preference but it's way too light, so not only is it expensive but it doesn't even fill you up. My BBQ chic pizza was also light on the toppings. For $14 you can get a way better pizza down the street at Johnnie's.,|,
Super noisy in the afternoon, all the inconsiderate kids come in after school and scream and yell and horse around.  I feel bad for the employees because there is nothing they can do to stop it.  That's when all the adults that actually spend money there get up and leave.   There are better local coffee shops in Marblehead without the chaos.,|,
Had the passion fruit mimosas and vegetarian  patacon. I really enjoyed my drinks and food. I enjoyed the atmosphere. Definitely recommend it!!,|,
Best breakfast in Boulder!! Love the feel of the place, our server was great, and the food was delicious. It's always busy though, so be prepared to wait. You can go walk along Pearl st. to kill the time,|,
Excellent ambience and extremely delicious food. Service could improve on terms of speed.,|,
Great place to kick back with a happy hour martini (dirty martini is a special favorite). Love the calamari appetizer. Good fish and chips.,|,
In town on business for the week and I was getting really sick of going out to restaurants and having to pick from the one or two vegetarian/vegan options they had on the menu. Finally made my escape and was able to find this gem. Good grief! Absolutely delicious food. Definitely one of the top 3 vegan dishes I've had.  So much selection, very fresh ingredients and an awesome environment. Music was great too.  Never thought I'd look forward to another business trip - I'll be back!,|,
Waitress wonderful personality, but service was slow. Ordered blackened mahi sandwich which had absolutely no taste the fries had more taste than fish. The other guests with me were also unhappy with their food. Nice atmosphere, but expensive for quality of food. Will not return,|,
Over priced pretentious food....waiter actually stood at our table and read the menu to us.....uh, ok...thanks but we can read. Waste of time and money.,|,
What has happened here?   ARROGANT, almost dismissive owner and hostess.   Service was matter of fact.   Food was much better on previous 5 or 6 visits but acceptable.    I think its time to hyper-freshen or just  retire this no-longer-Nuevo factory.     Not going to wait for an attitude adjustment in this restaurant buzzing city.    No longer on my recommendation list.,|,
This is the best place to get your ears lowered! They don't take take credit card and a cut is $15 so be prepared. These guys use the old straight razor and make sure you don't walk out with hair on your shirt. Do your dignity a favor and skip the strip mall hair salons and let these guys take care of you.,|,
If I could give 0 stars, i would. The only IPA they have is nitro only. This would be great if I liked flat beer. We keep trying to like this place, but had to walk out before we could even think about ordering food because the beer is so pathetic. Please, Westerville, realize that people like IPA.,|,
So loud! Nice staff. Mediocre food. Overpriced. Won't go back. So much better food in the Easton area.,|,
Everything here is good-- the burgers, the fries (especially the truffle fries), the milkshakes, and the atmosphere. This is a great place to go with friends, and don't be intimidated by the line that snakes out the door -- there is great people watching to be done on South Congress!,|,
Sitting at the table as I writing this. It is Disney not known for there food but I'm just disgusted that they would charge the prices they do an not make an attempt to serve better food. It was frozen no taste  garbage.,|,
Bahn Mi, Pho, Vermicelli.  Not great service, but a great choice for Pho if you're in that neck of the woods.,|,
Got take out from here a while ago. I had the aloo gobi which is cauliflower and potatoes stewed in a tomatoey sauce. OMG it was so good. I've tried aloo gobi at a few other places but so far none have measured up to this place!,|,
Very consistent in quality and service! It's enjoyable to go out with loved one into this kind of establishment. Pricey, but that's what make an experience memorable.,|,
I went to Henri's Bakery with my younger brother for lunch while he was in town visiting. Believe it or not I had NO idea this place existed until just recently. Not, I've been missing out. Great place to meet a friend for lynch in Buckhead that's classy but on the cheap.   Definitely plan to return.,|,
Not a big fan of hibachi usually but this place was very good! I was able to get tofu as a choice hibachi style. Big portion sizes! The chef (Yuki) was genuinely funny and not just the generic script comedy some hibachi places provide. The manager came over to check on us a few times and he was also very nice and funny. Came as a visit I in the Orlando area so not sure if/when I'll frequent again, but it's worth a visit for sure!!,|,
Great place to end our tour of Salem on. It was freezing outside and this restaurant was an oasis of warmth, good seafood and yummy cocktails. The wait staff were friendly and knowledgeable about the days catch. Everything we orders was delicious- oysters, pizza, fried shrimp, lobster quesadillas and fried pickles. Only downside was the basket of lobster came out whole with no prior cuts or cracks and therefore was extremely difficult and messy to try and crack and eat.,|,
Lots of variety and interesting flavors and the donuts taste good! We arrived on a Monday around 10am and there was a line inside but it went by quickly. We ordered the Maple Bacon, Valrhona Chocolate Crunch, and Blueberry Basil. My favorite was the Valrhona Chocolate Crunch, I really enjoyed the crunchy texture from the Chocolate Crunch. I definitely recommend if you're in town!,|,
Pretty solid indian food. I always ask for delivery to UBC, and almost always ordered their butter chicken. The portion and quality is very good, and I (think) it is authentic butter chicken. The delivery process is straight forward and on time. Unlike other places, they can actually find the address that you told them to deliver the food.,|,
Always amazing food and service. Get the vegetable deluxe it is phenomenal. They are willing to work with you on your dietary needs. Been coming here for years and it never disappoints.,|,
It's really nice a lot of food there has to be something for everyone best Chinese buffet in Orlando,|,
Oh man! So good! Clean, quiet and delicious! Don't let the building fool you, it's amazing.,|,
We had a great time here. $10 gets you a nice tasting glass and 5 tastes. We all liked the beers, and they gave us lots to talk about and compare. Staff was friendly, enthusiastic, and knew their brews !   I'm not sure the space was heated. It was quite chilly. So if you're going in the colder months, bundle up!   Good place to go before heading over to Decatur proper for dinner.,|,
Took forever to get our bubble tea made and then it was meh at best.  I'm going to guess the froyo experience is better as we were the only ones there getting the bubble tea.,|,
Christine's is a homey restaurant with attentive service, but mediocre food. I came for breakfast and was immediately seated and greeted by our server, who was knowledgable of the menu. The offerings are pretty basic (breakfast combos, omelettes, etc.), but do the job, and coffee refills were constant.,|,
Had brunch here for the first time on a Sunday and the wait time was not bad at all. This place is pretty average. Their brunch menu is really small and their food is on really small plates, too. It's a little odd because I felt like I had to eat cautiously so as to not drop food. The food was good, but again, it's just average.,|,
Jerk in the grey ponytail tried to tell me I had to accept his offer for all items I wanted to sell as a lump, and he would not give me a separate price for each. So what if I brought in each piece separately ... I couldn't be bothered to argue with the idiot, so he got to see my back...leaving the store with their lost business. I'm giving the books and records away for free to the thrift stores, rather than deal with those jerks.,|,
Service was terrible and the kitchen "forgot" my order, everybody from my table Finnish all the food but my food doesn't come . We won't be back.,|,
Went on Sunday night, staff was nice.  food was good, price "is what it is", but I just miss the days of Red Lobster being a dimly lit with nice music softly playing in background fancy restaurant.  now its loud rock music and babies crying near so it's like for these prices I can go to Park Ave.,|,
I love Dutch bro, the only thing I find strange is the turn over rate at this location they just come in go. There only a few staff members  that seem to been there for long time. I rather see faces that I recognize then new faces every day.,|,
Picked up a to go order. Literally the worst food we have had in a long time. My pasta was not cooked, they forgot my husbands beans. Just a joke. I called and the manager did refund our money but was so cold on the phone like I was inconveniencing her. We will not be going back to this location ever again.,|,
Tasty reasonably priced sushi. Good sized portions.  Service is a bit hit and miss (wait times can be long), but the staff is generally friendly.  Nothing that will make you think you're in Japan, but better than anything else I've found south of the city.  No kids menu, if that sort of thing matters to you (it does to me), though we ordered the fish and chips for our 4 year old, and they were out of this world.,|,
Not only did we get in with a minimal wait (ten minutes for four people on a Friday) but the waiter was extremely accommodating! When asked a question (whether it had to do with food or the area; we are not from here) he would find out the answer by looking it up. Our table was clean and our glasses were never empty. We had good food and wonderful service, definitely worth the trip!!!,|,
Randomly found myself here on my walk home- didn't know it had reopened!   The pizza is great, and came out fast. The staff was super friendly, and even offered me a free latte after I ordered a water and then decided I wanted a latte as well (once I layed my eyes on their espresso machine).  Super impressed- and so happy to have a good pizza spot in my neighborhood!,|,
So the wife needed to eat so we come in, place is done up nice. This is probably the best looking qdoba I have been to. The staff was real friendly manager was really nice. Of course the food was delicious.,|,
My experience at Eclipse di Luna has always been excellent,  but my last visit was beyond expectation.  Our server Julian was absolutely fabulous and we really enjoyed his service.  His menu suggestions were fabulous. We love every item on the menu and when we had an issue with one dish, he took care of it without hesitation.  We will be heading back again very soon and of course will request Julian as our server!,|,
Not the best breakfast taco I've ever had in my life but it definitely did the job. We had a big order and they got everything just right which was good! The prices are also very reasonable and there was plenty of parking!,|,
This cafe is in a dept store in the park royale. Food is pre-made and heated up. The ambiance is nothing special. They were out of half the menu items listed, and offered no compensation for the fact that we had to order the most expensive thing on the menu because they were out of everything else.,|,
If you are looking for some tofu chigae. COME HERE! Hands down the best place to go if you are craving hot Korean tofu soup. It is always packed but the wait is worth it. I come here often and it has never failed to be delicious. I have tried the surrounding Korean spots but Kaju will always be #1. My regular order is the mild Kimchi Pork Tofu Chigae.,|,
Shari's hands down has the best pies around.  Took our granddaughters there after seeing the lights on Peacock Lane and throughout Portland and before driving through the Winter Wonderland at the Portland International Raceway.  Started an annual family event with the help if Shari's.,|,
I wasn't expecting the food to be so delicious! I absolutely loved my Paesano - get it hot! The pictures don't even do it justice, my meal was just so good and I definitely got my money's worth. You can get beer cheese for $1.50 to dip your chips in, which I did not do this time but I wish I had! The chips weren't bad on their own but I can only imagine how delicious they would be with the cheese.,|,
It was a very light ambience with a variety of beers and cocktails. Typically known for eating outside during the summer, it was a  warm winter escape that allowed for catching up with old friends.   We only got drinks but the food looked wonderful, I wish we could've stayed another day to eat there. The drink menu was exceptional, comprised of great mixed drinks and draft beers.   Would definitely recommend to a friend visiting from out-of-town or for drinks after work.,|,
Ooooh, I really really really loved this place. I was looking for something for a Sunday brunch and found this spot. I had smoked salmon egg Benedict and it was fantastic. Home fries were also sweet. I also tried their French toast for which I had no room left in my stomach but I'm sure it was good. Will go back sometimes very soon and definitely try their French toast as I promised myself,|,
I've been coming here for about a year now and I love this salon. They're always busy but get you seated pretty quick. Manis, pedis, waxing- Ive always had generally great work and I'm pretty picky! They play cool movies if you watch and you can get wine or a cool drink too. :),|,
Great little hole in the wall place for Ramen. Simple menu with few options which is a huge plus in the add on craziness that seems prevalent these days. HOT broth, great taste. Will be back again!,|,
pretty great, quick, easy, cheap lunch. went with a coworker for the first time, and i've been a little underwhelmed by most of the lunch places. had a great tofu bun- they cook the tofu really nicely.  i like tofu with flavor that i can afford--and this has been the best I've had so far..  busy with a long line at lunch, but goes fast and is a really more-than-enough-delicious-food stop.,|,
Very trendy and hip in a good way although the service was slammed and the spicy food left us craving cold beers which were tough to get.  We tried the papaya salad - good not great; curry chicken things - good not great; and the beef which was fabulous.  They did a nice job of accomodating our kids.,|,
Loved it! Beautiful!  Great customer service, clean rooms, nice pools! Added bonus was the kids activities.  Every day they have a schedule of activities to keep the kiddos busy.   We had a 1 bedroom king suite with full kitchen. It was plenty of room for our family and very peaceful.  It was like a home away from home.  We will definitely stay again.,|,
Always a line and now I know why! Visiting from Hawaii we don't get this type of food at all.  Everything was savory and tasty. Honestly this place made the most impact on my taste buds during my vacation.  As they say, eat where the locals eat!,|,
Downgrade. The coffee is still great, if you can get there when the place is open. I understand that struggling to make a buck at a coffee shop can make you cut corners but closing so early really turns away business. And as a personal note, I hate the alt christian rock that creeps into the music sometimes.   The atmosphere is great if you need a quite place to work.,|,
Lady was polite when I walked in but the shop is really small and not much selection. The flowers that were there looked old.  They don't have anything there where you could make an order for the same day. Never had a delivery from them but I've heard bad stories from my neighbors,|,
The food is very heavy and I would never recommend coming here for ANYTHING light. My friends and I frequent it more as a sports bar. Lots of TV and great for watching basketball or football. There's even a nice little garden area with a ping pong table for a friendly match.   If you're coming for brunch, I recommend their take on the chicken and waffle. I'm not a fan of syrup so I subbed gravy and wasn't disappointed. The donut thing is overrated. Reminded me more of boiled bagels.,|,
I checked out Mike's Comics it was definitely a good recommendation by one of my other collector friends their prices are pretty fair and they have a large inventory of stuff I definitely rate it in my top 3 of local comic/toy places,|,
I am Canadian so I know my donuts, I grew up on Tim Horton's but these are a different breed. My boyfriend and I sent to Portland last summer and our Airbnb host recommended blue star vs. Voodoo and I've had to go back every time.   The donuts are tasty, sweet but sophisticated. Hard to say which flavor is my favorite but try them all, you really can't go wrong.   There are a few locations so I have never had to line up around the block for a donut and they serve stumpton coffee at most places!,|,
I had lé cheeseburger, pink, naked fries which were delicious, clean oil. Bun toasted and buttery. The sauce for the burger, light but flavory. Cheese's texture and light flavor, heated just right releasing the subtle oils from the formagio! Ask for the house made bar-b-que sauce on the side--dipping yummy . Sarah  the bar-maid is lovely, attentive! Great Xperience!,|,
The same reaction after my third visit: small portion, overpriced, and most significantly, a meh experience.  Today it was the Hash: ground uninspired pork, a few potato cubes, some creme fresh type concoction topped with a fried egg.  It was good, but I expected so much more from such a renowned venue.  My server was very friendly and gave a generous sample of a so-so soup.  ...six spots in a very difficult area for parking.  No more.,|,
I have been going for years the people here are always kind and nice but today there was a colored lady and man behind the counter who were extremely rude and got the order wrong! Further as I walked to get straws leaving my card at the counter the man accused me on not paying before I left ! DD needs to hire better staff or I am never going there again,|,
Holly cow, amazing! Ordered a boba milk tea which is always my go too anywhere. It was fresh and yummy. Bragging right to the mojo crepe ..Mind blowing good. Frequent flyer miles here I come,|,
We had Chinese brunch and it was awesome~!  Yum Yum.   Price was definitely cheap cheap.  It's a small place, and it as packed!  We got there around 1:30 so we didn't have to wait long for lunch to be served.    But I would go back for food.,|,
The best pasta in Vancouver, bar none.  Consistently and exceptional good, the pasta here is made fresh in house daily.  The traditional roman pastas are really the highlight, from the cacio & pepe to the various iterations of guanciale.  We dine here regularly, and it never disappoints.,|,
Chocolate. Nuff said. But since that's not enough words for a review. Chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate. Vanilla, chocolate, chocolate, strawberry, chocolate, chocolate, and other flavors associated with chocolates.,|,
Went here last year for a candlelight dinner with the GF. This place is amazing. food was delicious and the atmosphere was super romantic. live piano player to set the mood right. will definitely be returning here again some day. Love it.,|,
One of the few large non-Asian pubs/bars in Richmond, this place stands out amongst the closed businesses at night.  It is always bustling and is a great place to go grab a brew and relax and hang out with friends.  Hanging with old friends as well as meeting new people is equally easy here.,|,
I've been here about 5 times and loved it each time. If you are looking for the best Ethiopian food in the ATL, look no further then Desta.   You can't go wrong with this restaurant; food is delicious, and staff are very friendly and accommodating.   I like coming here with a group and ordering all the different meats and vegetables to go along with the injera. The lamb and fillet mignon are especially tasty. Also, very good Ethiopian coffee.,|,
Classic local diner kinda place. Coffee ain't Peet's but above average trick stop blend.  The pancakes rock. The huevos is my favorite. The breakfast burrito is above average and large.  Main thing here is the service. Fast. Pleasant. Love it.  Oh, and it's a clean joint too.,|,
Just ordered through UberEATS tonight. Food was probably a 4, however we were missing one side and the turkey avocado sandwich had no avocado.,|,
Both egg sandwiches and latte were great! I highly recommend rosemary frittata with spinach. A nice place to begin your day!,|,
A nice bar restaurant on an Orlando Ave corner, Winter Park. I tried their Square 1 Red beer -- great flavor for my taste! - it was only a bit fruity but subtle, so I loved it. Toga Party burger with feta cheese and other good stuff, and side of beans were delish. I've come here before and knew I'd return. Servers are super nice - and super friendly if you're a repeat customer. We sat in a round, corner booth - the cowhide upholstery adds to the nice modern western decor.,|,
There's some good curry here.  Just remember to order extra meat because they're extra chintzy when it comes to that.,|,
Their mixed grill is really good. And so it the eskandar. But they are a bit pricey. Would go back every once in a while. Oh the lavash is just excellent.,|,
Pretty good value for the price paid but nothing to write home about. If you need a quick carb load with tasty cheap bevy this will hit the spot. You do to get to build your own dish and have gobs of ingredients to chose from which is a nice touch.,|,
Put A Bird On It! Well, IN it. They have finches in a cage...looks like an interesting merchandising fixture in this quaint boutique. I loved the feeling that I was finding one-of-a-kind trinkets.  They have a little of everything from clothing to jewelry to books to decor to perfume to toys. You can spend quite a lot of time rummaging through this cluttered, yet organized, store.,|,
This is one of the best basic hotel experiences I've had. Our room was very clean and well appointed. The front desk staff was attentive and friendly. Breakfast was diverse and tasting and there was a ton of seating. The pool water was comfortably warm. I took my daughter for their American Girl package and it was so special. Really great accommodations.,|,
Fantastic flavor in their chicken tibs and injera, anticipatory service, and still easy on the budget - they even have Monday specials for their chicken dishes. If I lived in Atlanta, this would be a regular stop.,|,
Not the cleanest place but they sure have some great dishes. Love their fries, soups (African chicken peanut is the best). Fish & Chips spendy for what you get but good. Salads can be unusual but very tasty. Dining outside in the summer on the patio/deck is wonderful although noisy from the street.  Staff is "so so" when it comes to friendly-could work on being a bit more cheerful.,|,
Excellent service with a smile and great prices. My favorite spot to get any beauty regimen.,|,
Great food, service, and atmosphere, but that bar was phenomenal! Every drink made from scratch. I knew it was a good sign when I sat at the bar and saw the row of assorted bitters lining it. The bartenders were busy mulling fruit and assorted ingredients. The old fashion was incredible.  Call a half hour before you show up and you'll beat the wait.,|,
Located in the middle of terminal E in ATL. This is my favorite place to catch dinner when flying through ATL in the evening. The sushi is very fresh (rare amongst airports) and the service is top notch. Cool, hip atmosphere. Tap or bottled water for the water snobs LOL! Only complaint is that it is pricey with two sushi rolls costing near $30 and a mandatory 18% tip. Great place though.,|,
This restaurant absolutely exceeded my expectations.  The owner spent a lot of time with us and he clearly loves what he is doing.  He is very knowledgeable about the finer ingredients and he spends the xtra $ to use them in his creations.  Service was super, food was extraordinary, and they had very good wines as well.  The bill was a lot less than what I am used to.   It is small, so cannot bring a large group.,|,
Good points: Decent food, decent prices, colossal portions, good atmosphere, cheap beer.  Not so good points: Don't go here if your avoiding salt, food was very salty (when it shouldn't have been). Apparently the employees of the restaurant like to gather outside in the outdoor seating and drink/smoke/gossip, don't know if they were on shift, but I do know they were loud and talking about the restaurant.,|,
Peter and Leo really made my day and my meal today, going above and beyond with my order. They accommodated my weird requests with enthusiasm and hospitality. Thanks again guys!!,|,
This is just a bar now with sports TV, so do not expect any tapas: they need to change their name! The Malbec is still wonderful, but all they have are Olives or Carmelized Walnuts to go with it. Nice area of the terminal to sit in but nothing to recommend this place in particular...,|,
Market Basket on a weekend is my own personal hell. It's as though everybody in the city decides to shop here at the exact same time, filling the place so thoroughly that were a fire to happen we would all die instantly.  On off-hours (weekday mornings especially) things aren't so bad and it transforms into a weirdly laid out supermarket with good prices and some interesting specialty items.,|,
Over priced and over rated, just like VooDoo.  If you're trendy and have more dollars than sense, this is your kind of place.,|,
Very enjoyable atmosphere. A step above what you usually expect in the North End. Food was great service was good. Priced a little higher than most places in the area but worth it in my book.,|,
We love this place!  Best guacamole I've ever had, hands down.  Complementary chips and salsa are fantastic.  Veggie enchiladas are delicious and everything is fresh.  Service is excellent.,|,
First time visiting and we will be back. We had a nice lunch a pita with cous cous. They were very tasty and satisfying. The food was delivered quick and hot. Cous cous is vey popular for lunch and I can see why.,|,
We visited Saturday at high noon.  The line was nearly out the door but it moved quickly - 15 minutes from entering the building to walking out with our food.  I'm still debating the price-to-value question, but given the other other grilled cheese I order when I'm out is $2.59 at Jason's Deli, there is no doubt that my sandwich was at least twice as large and twice as delicious for about twice the price so I think it's a pretty good deal. We'll definitely be back for a repeat visit.,|,
This place is great! Close to home and the best pizza around. The prices are fairly cheap and although they are busy, it's worth the wait! I usually place my order online and go in to pick it up.. They have it ready exactly when the time says to pick it up! They haven't let me down one time! I highly recommend MOD PIZZA !!!,|,
This hotel was dirty, the pool had zero chlorine, the pools had a lot of hair, the rooms are dated, the sending machines had warm drinks, and the vacation rental program borders on hostile bullying.,|,
Service was excellent and the food was very good.  So happy to have a place close to home where I can get good sushi.  :),|,
Carne Asada was perfectly cooked, grilled jalapeño was a nice touch. The salsa was very tasty, I liked the smokiness. Overall a great experience, good service from Alex.,|,
Amazing experience! I went in for a haircut with Ginger and she did a fabulous job with my hair. I was doing the locks of Love, cut so she suggested we take a before and after pictures which turned out great! My haircut is super chic and modern, thanks to her!  She also gives amazing scalp and shoulder massages as well. The salon is awesome too, they offer you drinks the moment you walk in and the receptionists are all really sweet.,|,
Not bad chinese, considering few better options in Somerville/Porter square area,|,
My husband ordered the Kung Fu tea as is, and I ordered the oolong with 70% sweetness and 70% ice with boba. Both drinks were delicious! The boba was slightly soft with a sweet honey flavor. I moved to Killeen from Seattle a few months ago, and I'm relieved to have finally found a good bubble tea shop.,|,
Arguably the best late night pizza in Vancouver. Not the cheapest slice, but their signature slightly burnt extra-thin crust is always a delicious alternative to the soft and soggy options that most other pizza joints have to offer in the wee hours.  Highly recommend!,|,
TERRIBLE service. Cranky bartenders. Mediocre food, at best. So many better sushi options in Quincy. I wouldn't waste your money or time. Fried apps were super oily and bland and sushi was not fresh.,|,
Food is pretty good, but the service just doesn't cut it. If you take reservations so every seat is filled then you have to staff up to handle that much business.  Intolerable waits for wine. Botched order resulted in a larger paella than we ordered after a long wait. Their idea of an apology was telling us we could take food home.   Best for the bar crowd who enjoy jostling and shouting.,|,
The wings were soggy, as repeated in countless previous reviews. They did however fix my order quickly.  I got the Thai chili 8 piece... The wings are a good size but not steroid injected!,|,
Food is absolutely delicious. Fresh and most dishes are cooked to order. I always do delivery. The only negative about this place is this: delivery takes a long tIme and I only live up the street. There was only 1 time that food came in under a half hour.  Best crab Rangoon and a delicious chicken and mushroom stir fry dish!,|,
I have a love/hate relationship with Hot Lips. This was the first pizza I had when I moved to Portland and ordered the Veggie Nirvana. The first time was SO good... the next couple times thereafter... not so much... the pizza was SOGGY AND COLD!  I like the delivery option (which always takes over an hour) and that you can order a good beer inside the joint with your pizza.,|,
Amazing!!! Finally got my very own custom closet. It's awesome. The installers were prompt and really on the ball. The design process was great also. I wish I could afford to do every closet in the house. It's a dream  I can't say enough about this fantastic business.,|,
I love this place. I ordered the Lamb Saag and I never had garlic naan before but it is a must try! It was so delicious and the garlic was not overpowering. The lamb was moist and seasoned well. I would definitely recommend this place to pick up lunch.,|,
Is this business, still in business? I've called and left a message twice and they don't call back.,|,
Came here for lunch with my wife and daughter. She had the burger and I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, both with rice. They have a nice beer selection and I've been here before with friends, but our experience with the food on this occasion was not so great. The rice was very bland and my wife's burger was over cooked. She ordered medium-well and it came out charred. We liked the atmosphere and will likely come back again because of the great location.,|,
Great bar and open late! Lightning Will intrigued us since it was open late and was a short walk from our hotel. Seems like a local spot in the evening time. The bartender was so friendly and welcoming she even was very excited to share her favorite spots in town. There were no complaints on the food. We all had a little something of everything. Not to expensive for being downtown. The best part was the game room. We really enjoyed our time and would recommend to other folks passing through!,|,
Very mediocre. The Yumm sauce was whatever and the prices were not that great. I ordered the "Original" and there was nothing original about it...Just a bunch of salty rice in a bowl with avocado, tomato and beans. Meh. Next time in in a pinch for lunch I'll walk to one of the better, cheaper food carts up or down a few blocks.,|,
Lots of goodies at this Taiwanese bakery!  We sampled a bunch of sweets and baked goods: hot dog in sweet rolls, coconu buns, tiger chocolate cake, tiger green tea cake, 4 different kinds of buns, and much more.  Loved it all, and the best part is that it's all cheap.  Cash only, so come prepared.  Good eats in Allston.,|,
Thierry got some great stuff. The macarons are good. But I'm giving this place 5 stars, based on their Onion Brioche, alone. MY GOD, this is one of the best things I've ever tried from any bakery, anywhere. It's so delicious. The flavor is amazing but not overpowering. The texture is ridiculously perfect! It's not a cheap spot, but definitely worth it!!!,|,
Recent stay at this hotel was very enjoyable. I would say though that check-in was late and front desk somewhat understaffed. But all the workers there were very nice.,|,
Best breakfast tacos for the price and fast. Only 1.94 for my favorite egg, potato, onion, & chorizo breakfast taco for lunch.,|,
OMG! This place was amazing and the service was great. We went and ended up catching happy hour and they had drink and food specials that ranged from $3-$7. They had $4 select pints and a ton of local craft beers. The service was excellent and after a couple beers in we looked up and it was a live DJ. Try the shrimp and tot apps .,|,
Wow does this place get packed!  I have never been here when it was easy to find a seat.  The view is the reason, it is great.  You are right on the Columbia with views of Portland.  The staff here is great.  The food is standard McMenamins which has improved the last few years.  Of course they feature McMenamins beers and drinks.    Happy hour runs 3-6 daily and 10 to close on Friday and Saturday.,|,
This is a nice place to eat! The staff are friendly and the place is clean. The food is nice, portion size on the baskets is a little small but that's not always a bad thing. The place can get busy so service can suffer a little. The value for money is ok! This place isn't always my number one choice but the fish is good and the shrimp are real good. You must eat here at least once.,|,
This by far is my favorite Mexican restaurant.The food is fantastic,service is 5 star,everything about this place is great.So if you are looking for good food,great service and super friendly people check this place out you will not be disappointed.,|,
Fabulous cut of meat in the burger and the crispy onions gave it a nice crunch! Yum... My only beef is with the bun; whether the brioche or the "skinny" bun: their usually soggy. How about a crispy whole wheat sesame kaiser Romer?,|,
The mixture of spices and seasoning along with the batter marries together in such a way that when you take a bite of that chicken, you instantly forget about any other fried chicken your lips have ever touched.. ever... in your entire life. Yes, yelp, it's that good. Probably the best fried chicken I have ever had.,|,
Good food, fun atmosphere. It's a great place to go in the summer time for food and drinks. Lots of times will have live entertainment as well. My recommendation is to try the fried clams and steamers. They are money!,|,
The place seemed clean enough to me when I went.  I tried to Blue Cheese and Bacon burger which I thought was pretty tasty, and split the fries with a friend. I like the seasoning on the fries, I was told it might be Old Bay, as part of the Maryland theme.  Price wise its on-par to a bit more than a place like Five Guys. They also let you build your own burger and choose sauces.  I would go back.,|,
Awful lunch special. I ordered the Orange chicken and the sauce was a scary, artificial color and the chicken was so heavily breaded that I couldn't taste the chicken plus the fried rice tasted like the oil was bad or super old. Even my 75 year old father who thrives on "bad" Chinese food said it tasted bad. LOL!,|,
Completely agree with the "best falafel in Texas" reviews.,|,
The corn beef and hash is excellent. Great bloody Mary as well. Staff is very friendly. More of a hipster kind of vibe.,|,
I know they aren't trying to be Texas de Brazil, but that is the standard.  The service was GREAT!!!  However, the meats were dry and sometimes inedible.  Dinner may be better, but we went for lunch.,|,
Easy to get to from where I live. Huge beer selection, the usual game-watching staples.. nachos, fries, etc. The deserts look insane though and one day I need to try one. LOTS of screens. (Just try to be rooting for the home team if possible because people can get a litttttle overzealous in here.),|,
My new favorite pizza.  They have EXCELLENT, gluten-free crust, which is a big deal because I can't do the gluten anymore and feel punished by the pizza god's as most options are bland and taste like cardboard.  Thank you, Baby Doll.  We did a #2 (dates, bacon, walnut, mushrooms) and it was out of this world, the dates were heavenly.  We also ordered a margarita which was great. This is our go-to now, and our party guests were super impressed and also hooked! Plus, they have delivery.,|,
Great food and great service! Lots of cool twists on grilled cheese, all served with delicious tomato soup. Everything we ordered was delicious!! Good choices for kids too. Can't wait to go back to try some of the other grilled cheese flavors!!!,|,
Servers were attentive.   Food was mediocre overall. Gnocchi is really good. Duck was chewy and tasteless. Lobster buns are overrated. Oh the donuts were terrible. They were way too sour.,|,
The Blind Onion is pretty dark and smoky for a restaurant, almost more of a dive bar with pizza than a pizza place you can smoke in. Nothing super fancy among the options, just good pizza (thin crust style) done right. It's a shame about all the divey atmosphere though, I'm really not into that much smoke when I eat, although this location can be more fun to grab a beer at as it's usually busier than the other locations.,|,
I see bunch of spoiled travelers here. First of all, this was the most inexpensive hotel on I-Drive. Great location, good service, awesome view to the lake and pool. It needs room renovation but it's a great place nonetheless. Will stay again.,|,
I rated it 5 because it is definitely better than a 2 1/2 star motel. My stay here was great. I stayed for 3 nights during the week for work.  Their prices are quite reasonable for what the amenities that they offer. IE Flat screen, room size, etc. They have a restaurant that has GREAT food that is also reasonably priced.  The only thing I can complain about was only having one entrance, and I was facing the freeway so it was a bit loud, but great view!,|,
No clue why the ratings on this place are so low, I've ordered from this place twice in the past week & had amazing service and really yummy food. Both times I called for delivery and my order got to me within 20 or so minutes. Servers who took my order were friendly & wished me a fun trip in Boston, I haven't dined in, so I can't comment on any of the "in the restaurant experience" - but I would definitely recommend this place based on the experiences I've had.,|,
It's ok kind of pricey and not the best food.  Been to several places around here and had wonderful food. For a lot cheaper.  But a cool place in soco,|,
It's Walmart.  What do you think happens here?  It starts out looking like a decent store and then deteriorates into trash.  This is how it worked in my hometown.  Then there's the fact they won't pay their employees well or offer decent benefits.  Or punish them for voting the 'wrong way'.  Why would anyone spend their money here?,|,
This was my first and likely my last visit. I have always heard good things. The pizza was ok. I ordered pepperoni and mushroom. I never found a mushroom. My grand daughter ordered the chicken parm sub it was awful! The chicken tasted like smoke. Pizza was hot that is why it isn't one star.,|,
I'm addicted to this place! Love my usual, Wintermelon Green Milktea with Herbal Jelly and Boba!  If you set up the app, it's just more convenient and they give you a $4 credit to start! I prefer their drinks over Cocos. If they start serving food, that would be awesome!,|,
Her at the Orlando Eye. It's raining but the place is still packed. Loads of stuff to do & are here for the entire family.,|,
Decent location and friendly staff.. Prices are still significantly higher than Home Depot..,|,
I was really looking forward to dine at this pub, but was greeted by a cold waitress who passed my guest an I three times without sitting us. It seems like all the staff there was rude and didn't place importance in good service to the clients.,|,
Went with good friend for ladies night out. Great tapas..loved ambience and wine options...  will skip sushi next time. Everything else was great!,|,
They were out of their crispy fried rice though (which was odd because it was advertised everywhere)  Otherwise, food was amazing. Highly recommended. Staff was my favorite part - never seen food service so efficient. They also managed to keep the tone friendly as opposed to "rushing you out" - but make no mistake once a table left they wasted no time in cleaning it and making it available.,|,
firstly, the design of this place is extremely beautiful and modern secondly, the food is absolutely divine third, the lady whom I believe is an owner was such a sweetheart and exceptionally pleasant this place is a hidden little gem and it is worth the drive! also their portions are huge so be cautious before ordering majority of the menu which I did,|,
Saturday before noon counters were clean and only one flavor donut left. The maple bacon. Grabbed from the tray under the counter. Nothing special and over priced. A swarm of people walked in after me and walked right back out or bought coffee. Disappointment,|,
I had a flight of tasters and all the beers are delicious. The snacks are a typical selection, but you come here for the beers. They're very responsible here since they have recommended severing for their patrons. If you're OK your way here, don't be the driver because everything is worth trying.,|,
Sunday is Happy Hour all day and they have a "Build your own Bloody Mary" bar. I had the Hazel nut crusted Halibut, raw oysters, shrimp and scallops in an Asian slaw over linguini.  I also tried a piece of the fried Halibut.  Go with the Hazel nut crusted its far better.   The place was very slow, we arrived about 15 min after opening and sat in the bar to get the Happy Hour prices.  The bar tender was great and offered ideas.  I would like to return to try several other items on the menu.,|,
Small menu but the food is great. Dough doughs were very moist and delicious. The place was packed with customers but we received our food within 10-15 minutes which i thought was reasonable. Prices were cheaper than expected.,|,
My new favorite nail salon.. reasonable prices and friendly staff.  Everything is very clean and sanitary.,|,
The only way it coud be better is if it was bigger.  On a busy night be prepared to brush beards with fellow beer fans.  The beer list is always varied and there is something for everyone from porter folks to the hop heads.,|,
Had the most amazing experience with Noah! He's beyond personable, knowledgable, sweet, and handsome! Would definitely go back and loved his advice! Really an awesome guy,|,
I love love luuuuhrv this spot! They always have a deep selection of sizes and styles. I've found wardrobe stables (my favorite cream button up & great red plaid skirt), as well as great costume and party outfits. The day I found roller skates my size was mythic! And my super stylish bright pink umbrella was taken from their caché of vintage wood handled hanging umbrellas. Amazing every time!,|,
I love Bloc 11. They have amazing sandwiches! My personal favorite is the Fairy. So delicious! I also really enjoy their Brazilian lime-aid and pecan sticky buns. Their coffee isn't bad either. It's a little dark for my taste, but with enough cream and sugar it's quite tasty.,|,
The pizza was mediocre and the service was awful. Our drinks were never refilled and we were waiting a solid 15 minutes for the check and another 10 to cash out. Thanks but no thanks.,|,
I met up with a few friends last night at Javelina's for the first time. I really liked the cozy atmosphere.  I loved the Prairie in house drink specialty (had the ice crystals on top, yum).  Hope to go back soon.,|,
Absolutely love this place. My husband and I stopped by here on a whim because the hotel we were staying at was nearby and it kept popping up on our maps and I am SO glad we did! Super friendly staff, absolutely delicious food and very laid back atmosphere. They gave us Greek beignets on the house and they were so good! 5 out of 5 starts would definitely recommend!,|,
Service and food were both excellent - however - the menu is too confusing - if you have the schnitzel - AWESOME - seems that most dishes from the kitchen were the schnitzel - the other dishes are very complicated - too much deconstructing - too many flavors - it was too complicated. The tuna was like warm and the foam just didn't blend well with that dish - it seemed as if they are in an identity crises as to what to serve.,|,
1st time here and the food was really great! Had the bruschetta which was wonderful, the house made bread was very tasty and our mains were both delicious. Service was prompt and friendly. Would go back.,|,
I agree that the roast beef is great but I was in the mood for a fish sandwich yesterday and I was VERY disappointed. I expected a real piece of fish but instead it was made from a frozen rectangular fish product. MacDonald's 'fillet of fish' is much better and costs a lot less! Don't make the same mistake I made!,|,
Nice vibe, albeit a little loud. The food was excellent and even more so for the price. Three of us shared a salad and three small portion pasta dishes plus three cocktails and dessert for right at $100. I highly recommend the pasta caramelle. We were celebrating a birthday and the staff were very attentive, wishing the birthday girl a happy birthday multiple times and treating us with complimentary prosecco. The valet is also complimentary. We will certainly be back.,|,
Great food and service. French toast with strawberries and cream hit the spot. Good vibe and convenient to Northside hospital in Sandy Springs.,|,
Amazing Xi'an noodles that are better than the ones I got in Xi'an. Very reasonably priced, too. I envy those who work nearby.,|,
Nice service.  Clean.  Many flavors.  $0.40/oz takes credit card/American Express.,|,
We ordered after seeing it on grub hub and the food was very disappointing and made with low quality meats similar to low grade pre packaged deli style. They got here quickly though, so that's one good thing.,|,
Compared to pizza hut in the UK, this an entirely different experience. The food seems to come in larger portions, you're drinks will be refillable, and the service is always with a smile. It is in a very good location on International drive, near a lot of the major hotels. Also, you will get the option of taking your remains back with you, incase the pizza gets the better of you! It is also much cheaper than eating out in the U.K, as is most things in the U.S.A.,|,
I ordered Primetime which cost around $13 with the hope to eat something great. The burger was very small and the meat did not have any special taste. I think it is fine but Not Worth the money that you pay,|,
The food was seasoned and prepared to perfection.  The service was very good, but I felt that their prices were a little on the high side for your average customer.  I believe my plate was like $44.  Overall, it was a really nice dining experience.,|,
The food is very bland tasting. Had oxtail and it had no seasoning. Ask for a fruit punch and they looked at me like I had 2 heads...What Jamaican restaurant doesn't have fruit punch.,|,
Comfort food galore! I love that this German restaurant is thriving in the middle of German Village. When we have gone to German restaurants in other towns, they have often seemed dead. I foresee us going back often.,|,
I came here twice for lunch and the food here sucks!  I ordered this beef stew and it was cold, the beef was dry as if it was out of one of those Campbell soup cans  This place is more of a bar than a restaurant.,|,
I have the Spicy Beef Noodle soup here alot, it is awesome good. Better then Pho Hung and Pho Van. Its a nice assortment of meats, sorta like a treasure chest of meat. Smells SLIGHTLY ammonia-ted, in a good way (i kno you dont believe that, but BELIEVE it). get the banana flowers along with your greens to go in it.  Fish Sauce wings and house fried rice is my go to dish too.  Great crispy wings with a good sauce and fried rice better then most.   Great prices, great staff. this place is awesome,|,
Great food for the price. Priced betterthan nearby neighbor Don Pedro. Had the viva Mexico burrito.....which haden excellent sauce.,|,
I'm obsessed with the BLTs. I've never had their pizza, but if it's half as good as the BLT, I'll be a happy camper. I just wished they had Diet Coke.,|,
CO was amazing! Went in for Happy Hour today for half off makimono rolls and sake carafes...the rolls were amazing and the sake infused carafe was so refreshing after a long day. We tried both the blueberry and lychee infused versions...soooooo good! Our sever Abi was super sweet and had great suggestions. It's such a cute and inviting place in Poncey-Highland...YOU MUST GO!,|,
Went in afternoon not knowing that they were in between dining hours. Sat at bar and sampled the brews and had an appetizer,  put our name in for a table and celebrated anniversary w dinner.   Really good and service was great.  An overall great time!!,|,
This is a great places to chill with friends one on one or mid sized groups. Good drinks and a bevy of different games to play. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. The only draw back is the place gets busy quickly so arrive early or rely on luck.,|,
This has to be one of the worst franchises in the chain. Nine out of ten times they mess up the order like today, charging me for an item that never made it into the bag. Surprise!,|,
Having recently moved to the neighborhood, not having laundry in my building, and not having time to do my laundry anyway, I've started bringing it here for wash, dry, fold.  The service is friendly, the turnaround extremely fast, and they have not lost items like other cleaners have.   I have brought some items here for dry cleaning and have been very pleased with the fast turnaround and the great prices.   And as one previous reviewer mentioned, their hours can't be beat!,|,
Worst service ever. After having an order messed up they would not fix it. After reordering and repaying it took 25 minutes for 1 blizzard. The red head manager was so rude. 2 other employees apologized to me for her behavior behind her back. Do not go to this dq. After reading other reviews they have had many bad experiences I wish I could give 0 stars.,|,
We went there for dinner. Food took very long and waitress was a bit impolite. The service is slow! The couscous and tagine were a bit different from other good Moroccan restaurants. I love Moroccan food but I will never go back to this place.,|,
THEY DONT HAVE YUM YUM SAUCE! That's reason enough to not go. Food doesn't taste very good and they messed up our order. NEVER going back.,|,
Made an appointment with Kristin for an updo for a wedding. I've never been to this location. The receptionist was nice and walked me down to Kristin. Everything down there was clean and nice. Kristin did a fantastic job. My hair looked amazing. I've had many updos and I have never been satisfied and I'm not particularly picky. Anyway, she nailed it. And it stayed perfect all night.,|,
Food was decent. Service was very poor. Ordered egg rolls that never came out but they appears on the bill. Benefit of doubt, they were "busy." Will not be returning anytime soon.,|,
This place is legit. You can pick as many fruit/veggie options as you want and the finished product is a HUGE mound of delicious frozen goodness, very creamy too. I had a large cup made from peaches, banana, pineapple, and kale with mango topping- DELICIOUS! My boyfriend had a cup made from white grapes, honeydew, and peaches- also delicious.   The point is, you really can't go wrong here, we'll definitely be back.,|,
The food here was excellent. I had the bife grelhado (grilled steak) and the portion size was more than enough. I also had a caipirinha which was delicious. Needless to say, I will definitely be returning!,|,
My new go to place for Mexican. So close to home and such good food. I'm addicted to their enchiladas.,|,
I am going to temporarily suspend my 5 star review until can confirm that my experience today was just a disturbance in the force.,|,
This place is an institution in East Boston (and for the rest who know about it )and serves great italian food(pizza,lamb!) in a family/bar setting.   The reviews speak for themselves....I have no words.....,|,
I've been here many times in college and now that I'm back visiting, I feel like it's gotten worse? True, the places nearby such as the Commons and stuff are nice to visit, but this area itself needs a lot of improvement. The shops have gotten better, but it defeats the purpose if this burrow is still covered in trash and beggars.,|,
If I could put zero stars I would. Not only was our waiter rude, our bread was cold and tasted uncooked, we had to ask for refills on our drinks, my dinner was wrong and had no taste but worst of all THERE WAS A MOUSE UNDER OUR TABLE AND WENT RUNNING WHEN WE GOT UP. We told the manager and his response was "oh I'm so sorry." Never again will I dine at a Joes.,|,
Frequently understaffed and always overpriced. The TV's and awesome location are hard to beat, though, but their "bat cave" of a downstairs is a bit disorienting, and the staff can be standoffish. Love the decor, some food is pretty tasty, but there are better in the area.,|,
I've been here in the past and love the place's unique fusion. So it saddens me that I waited on a Sunday afternoon at 1:30 with staff running around looking busy but not actually taking my order. I tried to be patient but after 10 minutes I got up and left. I don't even remember when I last got up and left a restaurant.,|,
Great, healthy food options - Roasted Turkey, Roast Beef, Chicken (was told that they roast the meat fresh every day).  The employees are friendly and willing to make just about any accommodation for your dietary needs.  Had no trouble asking them to put dressing on the side on my Caesar salad and customizing for my diet.  Will stop by again when I come back to the mall.,|,
Friends told me to come here if the line at voodoo was too long, so we did. I am not a fan of donuts but of course we had to try it out.  It was a bit mediocre and expensive for donuts. At least I can say I tried it here..  Not sure what the hype was about.,|,
A hidden gem in hazel dell. Friendly staff, amazing food at an affordable price. Just a small hole in the wall. Never crowded. Seated immediately. You do leave smelling like a kitchen all day. Be prepared but well worth it.,|,
Our go-to Mexican place when we're in the area. Everything is always fresh, yummy and authentic. Love the Cadillac Margaritas, too, but beware as they are super strong. So fun to sit outside in the nice weather. We are really picky foodies and expect good service. We get it here and at their Brookline location, as well. Love the mole and shrimp dishes.,|,
Whats not to like? Cheap beers, good wings. The sauces are really good. Thats about it.,|,
Great place.  Always, friendly.  They may not always have my favorite flavors but what can I say.  I love that they have Movie people come by and give away free tickets, posters and t-shirts too.  They also always give my dog a special treat.,|,
It was fast to get in. They have plenty of seating but the food was just okay and not hot. Also the music was so loud that the waitress couldn't here a word we were saying. We had to yell to talk to each other!,|,
First of all- I really like this great little restaurant.  The feel of being near one of several little street restaurants in Tokyo is kind of novel.  I had a really tasty chicken ramen with some appetizers on my last visit and was more than filled up and very happy with the flavor profiles.  Service was good and drink selection was good as well.  Atmosphere is fun and waits aren't too bad.  I will continue to frequent this great little spot on Division.  Highly recommend!,|,
I would give this place 6 stars if I could! Great drinks, delicious apps, and incredible tacos. Stop what you're doing, and get yourself here! Thank you Louisa, fast & friendly service,|,
So the bar staff was cool and the band played some great songs. Problem is, the overanxious bouncer crew messed up our entire evening. They were unnecessarily rude and obnoxious, and we will never go back there. Avoid.,|,
My 3rd time eating here and i love it as always. Our waitress, Joyce, was WONDERFUL! I ate the Hot Turkey Plate (Turkey, Red Skin Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Zucchini and Squash and Cranberry Sauce.   and it was delish! My girlfriend had the Pot Roast which i tasted and it was ok. The meat was good but the gravy of the pot roast was a bit too bitter/tart. The bacon in my daughter's plate was too over cooked but she's 5 so she didn't notice. Her biscuit was good. I would definitely come again.,|,
They do an excellent job! Love Denise! She's terrific! The stylists are professional and courteous and take their time in doing a great job, unlike some other places I've been that rush to get you out. Brookhaven Great Clips is the spot for a sweet cut!,|,
I decided to check this place out yesterday and I have to say I loved it. I like the charm of the decor, music, and vibe. Their busy time is during lunch so I would avoid lunch hour if I were you. The policy of "no laptop" is truly for real. Yup, go and enjoy your reading time/conversation with your friend without looking down on the screen. There's plenty of spaces to park. The coffee choices are pretty fair along with the prices. Go check it out if you haven't!,|,
If you were waiting in line at Dillon's Friday night around 12:30 am, I was the girl who rolled up with her friends and walked right in.  Sorry!  That being said, I'm not sure why people were waiting in line to get into this bar... After a long night of drinking, I was FOR SURE sporting the beer goggles and this place still seemed blah.  Thinking back, nothing about this place really stands out.  Then again, it might have been all the gin...,|,
Super good drinks, shots, beer, and games!!! Awsome vibe they have a section devoted to haunted mansion, pirates of carribean and starwars!!! alot of fun if there is nothing going on thursday nite.. If it gets too crowded its hard to get in on video games!,|,
Very good service. Pricey burgers. Love the skinny fries. I got the luau burger. It was good but I've had better. We also had the burger with chili and an egg that was also good. What I could've done without was the mop water smell from the bar. Yuck,|,
When it comes to ATX, this place is about as good as it gets when it comes to flavor, texture, and overall authenticity of their noodles. I had the lamb skewers, dumplings, and pork stir-fried noodles and left full and completely satisfied. Service was very quick, but I came at an off time. Been here at lunch and it gets crazy and there are not that many seats.,|,
Bathrooms were disgusting. Order was wrong. Food was burnt. Over charged for the Monday special.,|,
I like this place a lot and come here often.  There is a good selection of both meat and veggie dishes and all delicious. The music tends to be a bit loud and the back of the restaurant can use new paint on the walls but these are minor things, the staff is friendly, and you get seated right away and your glass of water is refilled non stop.,|,
Absolutely loved this place! The salon was very clean and well-maintained, and all the technicians were friendly and fun. Great customer service. First time visiting: no question I will be back! Beautiful results and great attention to detail.,|,
Stylist Isabelle never disappoints.  She is great at cut, color, and style which is rare to find someone who can do it all!,|,
Pro tip: there is a staff in the veg section who will roll her eyes when you ask for "all the veg". Btw I had the salad bowl and that order was a bit tough to get through the assembly line.  -2 stars for the eye roll. Other than that, good job guys. Food was tasty.  Thanks for all that you do.,|,
Very affordable and all about serving delicious, traditional, Ethiopian cuisine!,|,
I placed an order via delivery.com, then waited...and waited. After an hour and a half, I tried calling--no answer, and a full voice mail box. I've been trying to get through now for more than 2 hours, and still no food or even anyone picking up the phone.   Ridiculous.,|,
I appreciate that I was treated like a queen and walked out with the best haircut I've had - Natalie is wonderful and gave me exactly what I asked for, a cut that was sassy, smart and still feminine.,|,
I usually come here for pane au chocolate or their macaroons. All very tasty but very expensive. For the price you pay the value isn't there.,|,
I LOVE this restaurant. The Lavas bread with hummus alone is enough to keep bringing me back, but the rest of the menu is just as delicious. Great service and lovely location. One of my favorite places to eat.,|,
Had sleep number beds which was interesting if you didn't know your number (i did).. Average hotel. Plus thing was the YMCA that was adjacent that had work out facilities.,|,
Excellent service excellent food we spent about 70$ on 2 meals 2 drinks and an appetizer but totally worth EVERY PENNY,|,
I love seafood, I'm from California and we have the boiling crab so right off I had to try it. Service wasn't great she was rude and only checked on us once. When I first offered she didn't let me finish and started to walk away. I have to get up and ask for my drink as the bill. The next day went in with other family members say waitress not change in attitude. But good is okay just a little pricey.,|,
This place has the best sweet corn in the summer.  They pretty much have everything.  Prices are great too.  My only complaint is there is very little parking, and getting out onto Gender Rd. from Shannon Rd. is like asking to die!!!!,|,
Spartan's got it going on! Great pizza starts with the crust and theirs is just the right amount of crunch and dough, with a brush of garlic.  They have a rotating selection of pizzas available for slices, my fav is the Zeus.  If you ask they have two kinds of pesto too.  Good ambiance, cool staff and a scenic view of East 6th.,|,
Given this place 3 chances and each time it gets worse. Service is horrendous because they are always understaffed during busy times, food is mediocre or will make you sick, and unless you are standing at the bar good luck getting a beer in less than 10 minutes,|,
I found this spot by chance. The service was great, and the food was even better. I had the fried chicken and corn bread cakes. I want to go back soon, and bring friends.   I told everyone about my great experience.   Note: you do have to pay for parking during the weekend. It was worth it for me.,|,
I left the 11 year old unattended with an entire quart of Fishwife clam chowder that I figured would last us a few days.    When  I returned from yoga, the container was licked clean.   This wasn't any old container. It was a $14 QUART! Of Clam chowder!  I am blaming it all on the Fishwife for being so delicious.  Raising a teenager is going to get expensive.,|,
This is one of my favorite rides here and you do get wet, but not drenched.  I remember the lines being super long like 90 minutes when the ride first opened, but I can see why.  The ride itself has three drops which is nice compared to most log fume rides where you go up and then go on a little ride and then go down.  The interactive characters is pretty cool.  The drop is always the best part however and really loved it.,|,
Good food.  The pecan chicken, hamburgers, pizza, and appetizers are great.  We enjoy sitting at the bar.  The bartenders are fast, friendly, and helpful   They rotate the on tap beer selection. The CBV beer, Bhodi, is my favorite.  A double IPA. Golden orange pour with a white soap head. Citrus aroma and some hop bite.,|,
Good, greasy Mexican food with excellent service (although we were one of two tables in the restaurant at the time).  I could see this as a good place to have a large group for drinks as it's huge inside.  The food was decent if you're not expecting amazing although the beans that came with the rice were quite soup-like.  I probably won't return but that is just because I have quite a few fantastic Mexican restaurants in my arsenal that I would prefer.,|,
We used to go here once a month always for breakfast. Lunch last Saturday was disappointing. Lipstick on the water glass & moldy mushy tomato in the salad. My potato was so over cooked, I just not want to complain about one thing. To be honest for hotel prices, I would rather get less, but better quality. We won't be back. For those of you all about portion size, they will feed you there!!,|,
Sapporo used to be 5 star on my book, but recent trip made me think they have lost some touch. They are still good, but something is missing. In bean town this is a gem and I still go back there, especially in cold winter days.,|,
Horrible scam. To be clear, you will be ripped off here. Peter the owner of several locations in the Portland metro area is a con artist and tells the people who work for him how to trick people into handing over their credit cards and then he keeps charging your account after contract has ended. Slimy dude. Stay away, you've been warned.,|,
What a great burrito!  The staff were very professional, they took great pride in the preperation of the food, and the restaurant was very clean. We will be back again very soon for more burritos.,|,
Superb!  Took the family the Friday after Thanksgiving.  Service was impeccable.  Food was superb.  Restaurant was beautiful.  Won't go on too long because the other reviews say it all.  Just adding my humble opinion on this wonderful establishment.,|,
Woah. So glad I discovered this place. Really tasty food, super friendly staff, great live music, and an atmosphere that's so laid back I think I'll do some studying there.   Protip: couch in the back is super comfortable.  Music almost every day, or just hang out and enjoy the relaxing scene.,|,
Came here with a friend for breakfast-- got the breakfast burrito.  SO good.  Great portion.  The server came by often to warm up the coffee and the prices were reasonable.  Plus, it wasn't overrun like so many Portland restaurants for breakfast/brunch.,|,
The menu is very limited, but everything is well made and delicious. As long as you like fried chicken, you'll love this place. And if you don't, there are 2 or 3 other spots attached to it. So you're guaranteed to find something you like. The fried chicken is perfectly cooked and tender. The sandwich itself has homemade slaw and pickles that absolutely make it. Pick up a side of Dan Dan fries to split with someone, and you're in for a great lunch. R.I.P. Gary Busey,|,
Really good. A kind of gourmet farm to table restaurant.  You could tell that all of their ingredients are fresh and local. Love it. Our waiter, I think his name was Kevin, was an older gentlemen that was really smooth and excellent. Everyone should come here.,|,
Was not seated for 30 minutes when we had reservations.  Food is underwhelming and overpriced.  The female manager was not helpful and downright rude.  Clearly not up to the standard of prato and luma.  Don't waste your money here folks.,|,
If you like dumplings this is the place to go for sure! We take out frequently, the service is ehhh when you dine in.... but the dumplings are fantastic and the rest of the menu is decent!,|,
We stopped in for a quick haircut and a pedicure and had the most fabulous experience ever! That was seriously the best pedicure I have ever had so if you are in Beaverton and you need a haircut or your nails done, stop and get a cup of awesome black rock coffee and then go to Azuer nails for an extra special treat :-),|,
Highly recommend. Pho is authentic and have quite large portions. Never too busy too so great place to stop by anytime.,|,
This place was absolutely amazing I don't know how anyone could rate it less than 5 stars. The steaks were out of this world and the Mac and cheese side was fantastic.,|,
Steak was cooked perfect service was amazing the greens were very tasting clean and friendly I order a ipa witch was amazing fun nice chill place.,|,
Terrible food. I am Korean and this place does not serve authentic Korean food. I had spicy dakdoritang and the chicken was too gamey (what kind of meat do they use?!) so I only had potatoes. I never write reviews but had to leave one because it was so gross.,|,
I had been adrift without a regular stylist for years before I decided to try Twist based on a recommendation. I am so glad I did! For the last 6 months Jill has been treating me to great cuts and most recently gorgeous, natural looking highlights. The studio itself is adorable and all of the folks who work there are so sweet and fun. I'm so grateful to have found Twist!,|,
Amazing Caribbean food!!!  Live music was great, he played some good Jamaican tunes.. great atmosphere!,|,
Meh food. Great cream puffs. Why the three stars? Food and cleanliness isn't terribly consistent. I've not had a time here without having to send dirty silverware back or finding bugs in my ice (maybe a hint to buy a beer?) Friendly staff but if you're looking for legitimate German food I'd check Juergens also in German Village or Wurst und Bier north of Worthington. The cream puffs alone are worth the visit, but get 'Em to go.,|,
Our lunches were good, tuna in tomato, Greek salad, and Mac & cheese side. However, the PBJ French toast with maple syrup dusted with powdered sugar on the kids menu is too sugar laden. We're sorry we let our 5 year old order it. There was no explanation on the menu and we didn't fathom the hyperactive plate we got. The adult beverages were clever.,|,
These guys are the best! If you need a period costume or just something for fun, this is the place!  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  They are priced fairly and are prompt and helpful. Their place is organized and there are plenty of choices for each theme.,|,
This place is fantastic, Traditional and new age Japanese food in tapas style where you can try everything. Also very friendly staff.,|,
I stumbled on this lady by accident.  I have taken several things to her and she has always done a great job.  My items have always been ready when she said they would be.  She has even came through when I needed something rushed (during prom season).  I will never go anywhere else in Columbus for my alterations.,|,
Clean.  Warm.  Welcoming.  100% vegan. Many gluten free options. The menu is large with lots of options.  We were treated to a starter of tomato soup. It was very good. Entrees are served family style. Our party of four shared a plate of Spicy Cha Cha, Guru Fried Rice, and Teriyaki Angels. All were flavorful.   The owner is the sweetest man and it is obvious it is his honor to please you and make you happy. Definitely a "loving" atmosphere. Give it a try!,|,
Love the service great customer care from the staff. Food had very good taste and it wasn't cold. I would definitely go back to eat there.,|,
neighborhood friendly place with taste exactly what you would expect.  Yummy and real Italian feel.,|,
This is probably my favorite Cuban place to eat in my area o Altamonte Springs. I had the roasted pork with congri rice and for the sides I had tostones and a side of salad. Great prices and the best part is that they serve breakfast all day long.,|,
$10-$15 a plate. Vegan and Vegetarian options. Happy service. Drinks looked awesome.  Biscuits and jam are amazing!  Artichoke sandwich was wonderful.  Burrito bowl with corn tortillas was awesome.  10s all around.  Happy hour 3-6pm, $2 off small plates.  Puppies welcome!,|,
Pretty sure my boyfriend got roofied here. Yep. Seriously. 2 stars for the 33-tini though; that thing's yummy.,|,
I got the #30 - Vermicelli bowl w/ chicken  (I changed it to sliced pork) and spring roll.  I opened the container and there were two spring rolls inside! The pork was also seasoned amazingly. LOVE LOVE LOVE IT,|,
I like this bar you can watch your favorite sport and enjoy a good beer, the servers are professional and very nice, also I like that nobody smoking inside or outside, so if you want to relax after long day ,I recommend this place!,|,
Get the spicy curry catfish and pad kee mao, both so incredibly flavorful! Service is always really friendly! Love this place!,|,
I thought this place was ok.  It's a dive bar, but not quite at the level of a lot of other dive bars, so I didn't mind it too much.  They have a decent beer selection and a good jukebox.  It's a good place to just hang out, nothing special really.  I didn't find it to be particularly hipsterific like a lot of other reviews said.,|,
I've been meaning to get my wedding dress cleaned for several years but too scared to trust any business to do it right. SoCo Cleaners & Alterations did such an amazing job that my dress looks better than it did the day of my wedding. They removed 10 year old stains and fixed the clasps on the skirt and then they even gave me a hanger that holds the dress upright perfectly and in place to protect it. Thank you SoCo Cleaners!,|,
El patrons is an Orlando gem that is easy to miss.  They make everything by hand and you will find yourself craving it after you leave.,|,
Excellent! I would reccomend this authentic burger place to anyone.  Get the spicy mayo SERIOUSLY DO IT ITS BETTER THAN WATERSKIING NAKED IN HEAVEN.,|,
Food was excellent and quickly prepared. They use top quality ingredients and serve large portions for a great price. I highly recommend!,|,
Pretty cool little shop. I definitely would return to there given the opportunity. I finally got to try kvass!!,|,
Didn't have the yeti cooler I wanted but called the manufacture to find who did in town. That's going above and beyond in my book.,|,
Comedor is one of the better tapas restaurants in the Greater Boston Area.  The fried brownie was amazing.  The drinks were great; no skimping was done on the alcohol!  Wait staff was attentive and friendly.  It's a small-plates setup, so you order several menu items and they come out as they're ready.  My favorites were the lamb meatballs and the fried brownie--definitely recommended!,|,
It's a buffet! Do not expect quality food!  Becareful what you pick. They give you huge portion for cheap item food and small portion for the expensive items.  I like the veggie noodles, so order that over other noodles if you are that kind of person.  It's 19.95/person and not too bad for going in small groups.,|,
The two stars are for the staff, each staff deserves a star. Unfortunately, they have a limited selection on their menu available daily and it was below average. Their specialty chicken tasted mediocre.,|,
Exactly what Crosstown needs- Something Healthy!!  Best protein smoothies and burwiches ever!  You will never get bored as they have tons of menu options.  Delicious guilt free food-Love it!,|,
the greek food was delicous wait staff was average the decor could of been better,|,
Writing this on behalf of my 17 year old (ASD) son who loves all things Lego :) wonderful place with knowledgeable and helpful staff when it comes to Lego ~ but most of all, they make him feel comfortable, answer questions, offer fair trade in and assist with sale.,|,
No pictures b/c I ate everything before I remember to take pictures! We got the pizza slices: tomato scallion, tomato squash, and ham.. mmm! It tastes better if you pop it in the toaster oven for a few min. Also had the cinnamon bun... MMMMMM! I'm drooling a little now.   Will be back.,|,
Came for  quick meal on a cold Thursday night I had the beef shawarma plate and my bf had falafel wrap.. It has been a while since we came here - new owners, very hospitable. AND food better then ever!! the sauce that was with the shawarma was outstanding .and the fries the best that place ever had. We would definitely come back to try their other Lebanese specialties.,|,
Good appetizer sampler, nice beer list, really nice dining room views. Good for a low key weeknight out.,|,
I like this spot you can really save sometime running around with your head cut off you can get all your party needs here and some,|,
Truly enjoyed this place! Our first time in Boston and we were recommended to come here. The reviews were not what I expected but we gave it a shot and we were so happy we did. This place is such a gem! You look out at the water with amazing food and an incredible atmosphere. I ordered the snow crab and it don't disappoint. If you are looking for amazing crab you'd very much enjoy it here!!!,|,
Best Chinese delivery in Austin! Quality food and huge portions!!!,|,
Cheap prices for good soft serve ice cream-if you get a cake cone. I used to get the pineapple vanilla soft-serve ice cream on cake cone. I say used to because they discontinued it! T_____T it was the best flavor combo that I've ever had! I was soooo upset and sad that they don't have it anymore..but that shouldnt keep me from deducting stars...PLEASE BRING IT BACK,|,
Here during SXSW, so it was a Zoo. Great Bird, Great Fixins.  Great prices. A totally enjoyable feed...,|,
The restaurant is dedicated entirely to hot pot! Good quality food for the price and for a place that's all you can eat. Definitely come hungry.  Great soup bases. If you enjoy spicy foods, try their Mala broth.  However, it's not the cleanest place and the waitstaff can be a little rude and inattentive. Give it a try if you don't mind.,|,
Waiter was fantastic. However, undercooked and very cold food. Unacceptable. Waited over an hour for our food as well. Disapponiting all 3 tries at this "could be" great restaurant.,|,
Went there on our last vacation day, thought it would be interesting. Some parts were informative but the rest, not so much. One of the rooms was displayed in the time period the guide was talking about, but who cares. I was expecting to see more of the process of how chocolate was made and not the whole tour of the history of chocolate. All that and the tour was $15 a person, hardly worth it.  Save your money unless you get a Groupon deal, and even that's pushing it.,|,
Had a coupon for 5 free boneless wings so I decided to try this place for the first time. Well the manager was very friendly, told me exactly how much it would take to get my order (6-7 minutes, which is good, they cook to order). Quality of he wings was very good. Nice crunch. Generous portion. I'll be back!,|,
Feta fire! This is one of my favorite things. Try it on the pita nachos. The fries are awesome. Only negative is that the last two times I've tried to call ahead for carry out no one answered the phone.,|,
The interior at night is a bit dark, but the food is unusual and outstanding.  This is not the normal Mexican fare, and each dish has its own unique seasoning and flavor.  The service is good too.,|,
Blech, another tapas place... oh wait! They have tacos!! And good ones at that! Yeah, this is more of a tapas place, and EVERY time I have gone there it has been slam packed; BUT the good thing about that, is you get to stand outside in the patio and drink up! The drinks are big and strong, but are also kind of expensive, and the sangria is divine! I don't think that I would go here unless someone in my group wanted to go, but every time I have gone, it has been good!,|,
Have been looking for good lobsters for a long time since I got to the U.S.  New York is always a shitty place to get real food. A skinny stinky probably dead lobster for 50 bucks in Chelsea market?! Check out this place! Nice view next to the river. Really reasonable price, live lobsters, fat oysters, amazing service (the water helped me to pick out meat from the joints I missed) and nice drink.,|,
We've been to this place quite a few times as there are sometimes bargains to be had.  It is packed with stuff so it may be difficult to search for items.  My only gripe is that the checkout process could be more efficient as there was almost always a long line.,|,
You wanna know where the heart of West Campus is? It's here, at Cain and Abel's. Not only is it the best college bar on campus, Dollar Beer Tuesdays is a religious experience. You have to experience it. Go in with some friends, order a bucket of 6 bottles, grab a table, watch some sports or play some pool upstairs and have great conversations. If beer isn't your thing, get a few margs or a Texas tea. One of those teas will mess you up good for a fun night. Stop by and check it out!,|,
Great food, good prices. It's around $10 for HUGE burritos. It can get busy but waitstaff handles it graciously and does their best to expedite wait times. Staff is friendly and service is pretty quick. They also deliver which is a huge plus.,|,
Manager looked like he was 15 years old and was a huge d-bag. Would never go back to this ABC, how about you hire people that have a tiny clue about the products they sell or how to be nice in general.,|,
My favorite spot to go to. Dark and very pub feel, but still a lot of room. Bands are always fun and you can't beat the happy hour,|,
Love Thai food and this is one of the best (if not the best) thai food in Austin.  Who cares about ambiance when the food is so good.  The wait does get long during the weekends so I typically order takeout for the family.  Everything is really good,|,
This place was great the food excellent the character were great. Pluto was begging for my food. Goofy was a ham with us. I!!!!!don't know why people complain about this place it was excellent !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! went there for dinner .,|,
Horrible experience! First off, no parking avail, had to park 5 blocks away in another lot. The keys were deactivated twice and would have to go get new ones. Had a friend who was staying at a neighboring hotel and came back with us during "non-visiting" hours. At check out we got charged for another guest and were informed that "there is video surveillance monitoring".... Really?!? It ended up costing $250 plus the cost of having to pay to park at an off site lot, for a one star hotel.,|,
Hmmm... Not the best but not the worst. Average at best. I'm not sure what to say other than it felt like just another knock-off with OK yogurt. Props for the great location.,|,
Fantastic! I got the Chocolate Ganache. Lip smackingly delicious. Ooey and gooey chocolate (in a good way of course) but not too sweet. Tasted uber fresh. Also there was no line!!! Yeah, not down to wait an hour for Voodoo's allegedly mediocre donuts. I regret not getting a whole box of Blue Star donuts to take back to Cali with me.,|,
Great local spot. Closer to a 4.5 star place and depending on future visits may even creep up to a full five star. Two visits so far. Coffee has been good, carrot cake was great and the poutine was very tasty with crispy fries,|,
I have been here many times. The last was the best! Ordered fabulous fish tacos. Service was quick. I thought I already left a 5 star review last week but can't find it. Haha. Anyways, it was great!,|,
I guess growing up on the West Coast I am used to very traditional Dim Sum.  The Dim Sum here included something that looked similar to a hotdog in a bun as well ribs and other very "American" Style food.  In addition, we were sitting in a bad area of restaurant, which meant most of the dishes on the carts did not come by our table.   On a good note, the service is very good, the hot tea nice and hot and everyone was very friendly.,|,
Had only eaten at Jason's Deli once before and just started going more frequently since our office is closer and they have some great food. Sandwiches are good, soups that I've tried so far are tasty (broccoli cheese is my favorite) and the salad bar is a great one.   This location is in the same shopping center as Kroger right off 270 and Bridge St. in Dublin.,|,
The establishment itself is homely, however it's run by Buddhist nuns who are probably not focused on creating a "hip establishment." I found it comfortably laid back. When I visited it was clean but I agree that the service was slow. Thankfully I wasn't in a hurry. I ordered the hotpot and it was delicious! The next time I visit Portland, I'll definitely be stopping in for another hotpot!,|,
We drove all the way from Vancouver and this was the first stop we wanted to try.  You can't go wrong coming here....Lebanese falafel jumbo was excellent, fresh ingredients and was what I was expecting too.  Baklava I highly recommend, good value for only $3.50....typical family run shop in a nice area of town.  We're here on Wednesday early evening and the only ones at a table....open until 9pm every day except Sundays, will visit again for sure!,|,
There is one bad rating on this site which I have to think the individual who wrote it is from a mental institution. Is she serious?   This is the best place on earth.   The owner is amazing and the food is great.   I have been back over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.   I would absolutely rec commend this place.,|,
Cozy, unpretentious and delicious. The folks here are super friendly. We chatted with our server and the owner for a while after our food came - very nice people. And the food! My daughter got pad Thai and I got the drunken noodles. Both were excellent! Highly recommended!,|,
Came here a few times for an industry party, a wrap party and a showcase and I feel gross in here. Basic dance floor, not even that large, slim pickings bar, average layout. You get the idea.....not the best place on Granville when you want a night out. Staff have always been less than pleasant.,|,
Fantastic food and service is first rate. Prices a touch high, but for a special occasion, my wife and I agree, it is worth every penny. This is our new favorite restaurant.  We particularly enjoyed the appetizers and cocktails.,|,
I've been here 3 times & all 3 times this place has been great! The food & customer service deserves all 5 stars....,|,
One of my Portland favorites.  Excellent coffee. Their lemon seed poppy cake is AMAZING!! This location is almost always busy so seating inside can be difficult to come by. Sit outside if the weather allows. The people watching is superb.,|,
Worst service ever. Been sitting here for 15 minutes so far. That's right I'm reviewing as I wait. Can't eat my dinner without a beverage. Fries gone quite some time ago. Won't be back. Place is a joke and so was our server. Stay clear people. Didn't get to eat my dinner. It's cold now. Wondering if they will top this horrid experience off by making me pay for food I couldn't eat and drinks I didn't get......waiter is here and yep. He has our bill for us. Insult to injury! Such rubbish.,|,
Have been going here for some time.... but as always I find everyone very slow. I had one person in front of me,  3 stylist and I waited 1 hour before I left. Some of the stylist are very slow,  I have even heard other stylist comment that they have done two cuts to some of the others one cut and need to step up.,|,
I was pretty happy about the fact that this pho place had more than 1 vegetarian option. I have the veggie pho soup, the veggie vermicelli noodle and the veggie chow mein. All were good and full of veg and tofu. The tofu was fried in the noodle dishes and done wonderfully. Soft in the soup. They also had a ton of sauces served with it, as well as available on the table. Portions are nice and large. We paid $38 for 3 plates, and 1 appetizer.,|,
Absolutely phenomenal food and service every time. The grilled mahi mahi is perfection and the mussels appetizer was excellent. Love this place! Always surpasses expectation, the chefs obviously know what they're doing back there.,|,
THE CHICKEN. Seriously, though, the chicken.  It's hot, it's crunchy, it's a little spicy. It's exactly what fried chicken should be.  The sides are filler, so don't waste much money/calories on them.  This place makes food to order, so it's not a quick visit, and you will have to wait a while during the lunch rush. But if you have the time, the chicken is worth the wait.,|,
Rating take-out. We ordered a chocolate cheese cake and a chocolate cannoli. We received the cannoli and a chocolate cake, didn't feel the need to check that the order was correct since it was two items. The chocolate cake was dry and hard, and tasted like it was not made fresh. The cannoli shell was delicious, but the ricotta was sour (menu did not describe it as such) and ruined the cannoli.,|,
1) See review of conor larkin's by Billie S.    2) Apply said review to Our House East.  She said it all, really, so there's not much for me to add (except to explain my generous gift of the second star: the bar itself gets lots of sunlight during the day ... I like that in a bar).,|,
Overall a great experience. After a long day at a conference, it was nice to sit down to a warm meal. We tried the burger and the chicken pasta which were both cooked to perfection. Everything is made from scratch!! Have to come back to try the chicken pot pie!,|,
The service here was 5 stars. Honestly the best service I have had in a long time. All of the hosts & servers seemed young with great smiles & personality's. The food & drinks were deliciously made. My girlfriend & I had some coconut prawns for an appetizer along with some margaritas. Then we enjoyed some of their fish tacos... all very reasonably priced! Their happy hour menu is Fantastic & affordable which is surprising based on how nice of a restaurant this is & how popular the location.,|,
Cool owner. Does a great chicken tikka masala. Don't have to go all the way to Cambridge anymore. Also, Try their chicken tikka pizza, it's got tikka masala instead of regular sauce, chicken, onions, and peppers. Really good. Also, I asked for a side of tikka masala sauce to dip some fries in and they gave me like a whole cup and a half bowl of it. Now I got some leftover tikka to make something with :),|,
Blue star donuts is very hyped up in the Portland food community, but personally I hate it. When I went there to get donuts for my family I was greeted by impolite staff who didn't seem like they actually wanted to be there. The donuts were very small for the price that I paid. Plus they were not very good. I do not recommend blue star donuts to anyone.,|,
First of all food was very good , but like others posted service was poor. Got seated pretty quick then once we did we had to wait and watch others getting served before us that got seated after us. Teach your staff better or hire new ones,|,
This was for sure one of the best places we visited in Portland. The women who worked there were so friendly. I got the corned beef hash and it was Soooooo yummy. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned and the corned beef wasn't fatty at all. My partner got the Ruben and a side of potato salad and it was just as delicious as the corned beef hash.,|,
Cool space! Interested to see what developes here a few weeks down the road after their coolers fill up!,|,
I LOVE wings. Can I make that any clearer? While these are the absolute best...I love the variety of flavors they have and just recently tried the spicy garlic--which was spicy and garlicky...hmmm. The drinks are ok, I loved their jo-jos...that's not what they were called, but that's what I referred to them as. Plus I just love having the ability to watch several games at once. In a great location, very close to shopping. We usually come here anytime we head to Portland.,|,
Best burgers in Austin. They grind their own beef and support local ranchers. They bake their own bread and churn their own ice cream. Just a few of the great things about it. The Nutella and Chocolate pretzel shake is delicious.,|,
Got a cold brew (they use a Toddy) and it was delicious! Good ambience although slightly pricier than in used to.,|,
I'm torn about this place. On one hand the deck is awesome. On the other inside where the live music usually is is so tiny that only about 3 people can ever be sitting. On the other they book some really great bands. On the other the drinks are pretty spendy.   I like and dislike this joint. I'd come back but I don't think I would ever put it on a regular rotation.,|,
How does this place even stay in business!  We live close by and went in because we promised the kids we'd check it out. It is a disgusting store, and the candies look like they have been sitting there for ever. And the truth may not be too far from it - I go past the store several times a day and never see anyone going in or out.  It has been about 4 years since we visited, and my kids have never asked to go back.,|,
The people who work here don't really care hat you're here....because it's so delicious you'll cum anyway. But seriously, at least say hi.,|,
We actually like this place. We've been to other chinese buffets where most of the food is so gross you don't even eat it. I think the food here is decent. It's about 50/50 good and bad. Lots of choices. If your hungry and want to eat a lot it's a good choice. Sushi and pizza and salad and seafood.,|,
I feel like I need to update this review (and should have a while ago).  Domino's is attempting to make a better name for themselves all around.  They have all kinds of deals and the delivery is really quick the majority of the time.   After that incident I received a call from the corporate office and an apology.  Along with a coupon for a free pizza.  They have redeemed themselves in my book.,|,
Helpful service and huge portions - not only did I find everything yummy my Venezuelan friend did too! Definitely try a mojito with passion fruit,|,
Banh mi was pretty weak.,|,
Chicken cabob over Salad.  Adding it to my weekly diet.  Fantastic. First time yesterday.  Well worth it for 7.75.,|,
They have great clam chowder. We went to the Halloween Tea and had a blast! Recommend this place for a cocktail & snack.,|,
THIS IS THE WORST PLACE TO SPEND YOUR MONEY!!!  They are not clean, cooks handling food without gloves or hairnets.  Bugs and hair were found in the food. Food is under cooked. Owner, is racist and rude and it is reflected in the lack of diversity at this sub-par fast food dump.  And the person managing lacks customer service skills. Don't waist your hard earned money and time at this place.,|,
Simple yet great food. Misto salad is always tasty and a good selection of wines. Service is efficient and pleasant,|,
Came in. Greeted with a smile, sat down immediately. The food came quickly. The indian sweet potato wrap was excellent, as were the cabbage rolls. Even though the ingredients for each dish sound healthy, theyre packed with flavor. I'll have to come back and try more of the menu! Recommended for anyone, not just vegans.,|,
Friendly service! We were greeted with warm service even though we were all asians (5) none italian We even spilled water and the eaitress was nice enough to clean it for us Food is awesome Will be back,|,
The cayenne hot chocolate is bad, it's thin milk (probably 2%) with a weak powder mix.  The food is ok, there's a general confusion of flavors.  I got the "fried chicken wrap" whose contents had chicken but in no way resembled the breaded fried chicken you'd expect.  It had an unadvertised Chinese cuisine element that I didn't love.  I've had some ok food from this truck but never amazing.,|,
Too expensive.  As a previous poster commented, their beers are $7 and their Martinis are $8.  And as commented, the mixed drinks are not to perfection - and yes, that's what I'd expect at $8.  (They consider Martinis a 'double, otherwise it wouldn't fill up the glass."  Manager quote. Appetizers are small, get them during happy hour for 1/2 price.  Pizza ok with several options, but not so unique.  Think I'll be going to Applebees down the road...,|,
Came for the first time last night with my roommate. SOOO yummy! ( and we are tough critics!) very southern. Small place, old south feel. Everything was delicious! We tried the chicken fingers, Brunswick stew, fries and fried okra! Definitely will be going back!,|,
We've been here many times now. This is the best Mexican food in the area. Everything is fresh and delicious. We've never had anything we didn't like or were unhappy with. We're super excited to have this restaurant within walking distance. The interior is very colorful and fun, casual. Some nights there is a mariachi band which is pretty fun.,|,
The food was amazing. It was quick, fresh, and tasty. The potatoes needed more of a balance between firmness and overall how well they cooked, but that was my only complaint.  The food was really tasty - I had the Huevos Rancheros and those were REALLY tasty!  I will be back again!,|,
What a cool little gem this is! My husband and I stumbled upon this place during our last trip to the Havana Club (which is literally next store) to go Salsa dancing...and we were pleasantly surprised.   We will definitely return the next time we go to Havana. The  service was great, the drinks were well crafted and delicious.   We did not eat anything, but saw some tasty offerings around us that we would consider trying. It has a speakeasy feel which I love.,|,
Well Yelpers you were right again! I just moved to the Allston area and needed a new spot for Indian food and you were right on. The food was great. The vegetable samosas and Aloo Paneer was awesome. I wish I had room left to try dessert. Service was great and the food came out, to the table that is, in a reasonable time. I will definitely be coming back here.,|,
My first BBQ place. The beef ribs were decent. Price was rather high. Overall good place for no lines and no sold out.,|,
Since I've moved to boston I've come here three times and brought my friend from New Jersey! All the staff makes you feel right at home. The eggplant parm was beautifully done. And all the pasta was so fresh and tasty! You must come here if you love genuine Italian food and service!!!,|,
This Walgreens is like a Disney store! There's so many good stuff on top of their regularly awesome deals! Cool and convenient!,|,
Boston's Northend  Best Restaurant .Food, Service, Wine list, Bread and atmosphere all outstanding . I have been  coming here with my family and friends over 20 years now and every visit is a true dining pleasure.,|,
I have been going to Nadya for a couple months now. She has given me the best massages i have ever had. Definitely would recommend her!,|,
BIG, Nice relatively new IKEA store - what's not to like! PS MAKE SURE you bring your own bags!!,|,
I have eaten in this restaurant 2 times. The first time I ordered from menu and that was very good but a bit pricy. The second time I went for buffet and it was not good. So eat and order from menu.,|,
Standard thai food prices but subpar thai food quality. It is in a food court so I guess expectations can't be too high but the food was bland and my noodles were really rubbery as if they had been sitting out for awhile. My friend also got a curry dish that came with eggplant that they forgot, when he mentioned it, they just gave him 2 pieces of uncooked eggplant....Definitely can get better thai food for the same price elsewhere,|,
I have hairstylist heartbreak. I called to make an appointment and Ji Hye moved back to Korea without so much as a Dear John note...   My husband has gone in for two great haircuts since then with Susan. My hair is too short to try yet, but will update when I do.  UPDATE: 5/2/12 Scheduled 2 appts, we ended up waiting 30 mins without a real apology. My haircut was quite good and inexpensive, but my man was so mad about the mixup, he won't be back.  Cheers~,|,
I'm an out of towner and here for work. Easily one of the best burgers I've ever had. Keep it up guys!,|,
When I come to Rock's, I only order fries and the crispy chicken strips but I must say it never fails. The chicken and the fries are always fresh. They are always busy but the employees move pretty fast so you're not waiting too long to get your food. I would recommend Rock's to anyone who is looking for a quick bite at Phipps Plaza.,|,
The Food is Awesome and quick. The Price is very very affordable. If ya hankern for Awesome Beef Sliders this is the Place.,|,
I come here often since it's close to my campus. I love the eel rice combo very much! Dining environment is also good!,|,
I'm eating here now. I'm in Boston for a couple days and I was craving injera. This happened to be the closest spot...I'm Ethiopian also, so I know injera. Everything was rich and perfect... the homemade honey wine reminded me of home, and the service was impeccable. So glad I came,|,
Love the food, the ambience and the service. staff goes above and beyond to make you feel welcomed. food is phenomenal. Atlanta needs more places like this! Definitely coming back with more people!,|,
Well, Kristo sure made me feel sassy & fresh. These guys can talk Rock N Roll, Steve McQueen and Hair. I was completely satisfied. Cool atmosphere, clean salon and professional attitudes are all combined to make any Atlanta girl feel great about her new do. Kristo has a flair to his technique that is fascinating to watch and gets the job done. I'll be back Melrose & McQueen. I'll be back...,|,
Elegant nails did the nails and toes for me and my bridal party (I am also a loyal customer since they opened ::they rent the spot from my dad:::) everyone loved their nails and toes and the pedicures are fantastic they have great chairs and they do a hot stone massage on your legs....soooo relaxing. Everytime I have strayed it hasnt compared!,|,
This will now be my new spot I see myself being a new regular here. This place is amazing the meats are juicy the corn tortilla isn't dry and the flavors are perfect. Even the sweet tea is perfect. I wish there were more salsas to try and maybe salt and pepper on the tables but this place is amazing!,|,
I have been a weekly client of Ellie's now since November and I couldn't be happier.  I have tried MULTIPLE salons, Downtown, Back Bay, SE etc. and I finally found my place.   The staff are incredibly friendly & professional. I'm extremely picky and Ellie was very patient and receptive to what style I was looking for.  He has such a positive attitude.  I really appreciate you guys!,|,
I loved it! Need to try the pho. I had B6 I believe. Their meat has great flavor. The noodles were cold but it honestly worked. It was wonderful. My friend got an amazing steak and rice entree. So much flavor and yummy sauce. Egg rolls were bomb too.,|,
The current special blew me away completely. It was a waffle with scallions, cheese, and pork belly and WOW. Didn't know I could have such an emotional reaction to food but I took one bite and almost happy cried. Felt like I was drugged with deliciousness  I've had sandwiches here in the past and they're good but nothing special. Poutine was a bit greasy but waffles are always on point!,|,
Now this is disney's flagship hotel it's WOW. Great hotel but I like the beach club better. To many kids and to far away from things. And hope you like KIDS because that's all who is here.,|,
i miss this. ive grown up using this and im really sad its gone. i would love a recipe but this was quick and better than anything ive ever made. perfectly sweet too without being overpowering i even made funnel cakes with these.,|,
Check your balloons before leaving! The wind blew my daughter's $10 birthday balloon right off the string the second it was out of the car. I called the manager to let them know what happened and when we were there so he could maybe let the employee know. He did apoligize, but then just said: "thanks for letting me know".  I didn't really expect a refund or anything else from him, but it would have been nice for him to be a little more apologetic.,|,
Great home cooking especially if your from latin america... Hot sauce is perfect balance of heat and flavor... Great decor,|,
This place feels rapey. Creepy atmosphere. Way to dark. Way too loud. Way to claustrophobic. The ceilings are literary less then 10 inch's above your head.  Dirty old men sitting in the shadows watching you dance. DJ plays nothing but top 40 crap poorly remixed. $12 dollar cover. Drinks were average price. Feels like you're in a dank basement.  This is definitively a place that I will not be returning to.,|,
I'm from Connecticut... the Chili's at this location is definitely not up to Connecticut standards... The food was atrocious the service was nonexistent the table sticky and I still left a 15% tip avoid this place at all cost!,|,
This is my new go-to place! I recently moved to Brush Prairie area and I am very happy I found this place. I tried their lunch Chicken Burrito plate- #4, and it was yummy! Their lunch burrito is more like Enchilada.  Thumbs up for Free chips, salsa, and refried beans. (Very Fresh) The fried ice cream is also really good. Definitely will be back!,|,
I'm usually annoyed by Restaurant-As-Performance-Art. But when it's laid-back, interesting and tasty I appreciate it. Great night out without breaking the bank (too much.),|,
The relaxing business casual atmosphere makes it a great venue for a bite with colleagues. The meatballs are especially homemade with different types of cheese! Delicious. I wish they offered more meal options, but definitely my favorite place around.,|,
What a train wreck. I almost got run over by a driver who was driving on the sidewalk as they were rushing to get to the valet. Sucky food.,|,
I really enjoy this bar from the drinks down to the atmosphere. Every time I've gone here the staff has always been super friendly and willing to talk through each cocktail. The cocktail isn't aren't cheap but they are worth it. remember the menu changes with the season so you will need to stop by often. I walways recommend this bar.,|,
Not a big fan of the long lines here on the weekends, but definitely worth it for the supreme omelet!,|,
food was great, wine selection is great.  The spinach salad is amazing.  I will say it smells kinda funny in there.,|,
From the choices of seating, to the great food menu this place is a slam dunk!  I like the old wooded feeling on the inside, and the drop ceiling adds a lot of comfort.  Happy hour from 4-7pm is alway a bouns.  Would recommend this to large group or an intimate date.,|,
My fiance and I had a great experience purchasing my engagement ring at Freedmans.  We had very little knowledge about choosing a diamond but Robert made us feel very comfortable walking us through the process.  He was never pushy and always patient.  We are thrilled with the beautiful diamond Robert helped us pick out and look forward to returning to Freedmans for our wedding bands.,|,
The drinks here are cheap and strong. That alone should be enough for 5 stars! It has a "Cheers" feel to it. The bartenders are really nice and attentive,|,
Simply badass tacos and tortas. Unpretentious, cheap, and consistently excellent. Getting a torta and cooling down with an iced coffee at Once Over is my new tradition.,|,
I visited this restaurant 01/20/2018. Had a good experience. Place is very unimposing from the outside but very nice inside. Prices are reasonable, food quality was on point and nice atmosphere with a friendly staff. Restaurant was tidy, clean and I definitely enjoyed the ziti pasta. I definitely recommend it. This restaurant is featured on Florida Stuffed. Feel free to read the entire review at:  https://floridastuffed.wordpress.com/2018/01/21/ziti-night/,|,
The food was really tasty. I had the sesame tofu with steamed rice. Unfortunately I found out the second time I went that nothing on the menu was vegetarian. They use chicken broth etc... to prepare their non-meat dishes at least that is what I was told by the wait staff. This means that I no longer can eat here. I will miss you 888. Again for you vegetarians this place uses meat products to prepare the tofu/non-meat dishes. :(,|,
Great burger and fries; good counter service. Also had a shake - really good - definitely leave full. Ate outside with our dog - there's enough shade between the trees and umbrellas to make it comfortable. I would not compare this to In-and-Out since that is more fast food. Compare more to Five Guys - this place is much better.,|,
Went there for lunch and food was fabulous. Would be a five star but the wait is too long and you can't make reservations.,|,
This place was recommended to us to Watch some football. Owner and bartenders were awesome!! Great place to watch football and hang in and outside,|,
Fantastic bakery! The staff is friendly and very helpful. Michelle creates wonderful cakes.  We've used them for the past four years for all of our cake needs.  My kids love going there (several times a week) for kolaches, strawberry bread, or just a juice.  We cannot rave enough about rise & shine.,|,
These donuts are delicious! So fluffy and tasty! I wish it was closer to me. The drive is worth it though. The coffee is a little too light/soft for me? It's hard to explain, but when I took a sip I didn't like it at all. The donuts are amazing though. I can't wait to go back!   It's a plus it's open 24/7!! *insert heart eye emoji here*   We didn't have any problem with the staff, they were nice.,|,
I have been coming here for the almost 3 years and have never had a bad experience!  I see Ilana and think she is awesome! and I have never had a problem with any of the receptionist or anyone else. I LOVE everything about this place!!!,|,
Amazing food. A must go to stop for these out of towners. Delicious food. Great service.  Ask for tots to play Tic Tac Tot with your kid. ;),|,
Don't go here unless you have plenty if time, they are slow!! Food is usually good but today (Saturday) got runny spinach dip and over cooked chicken strips :(  Update: I returned the runny spinach dip but still got charged for it. I frequent this location, usually during weekday flights and never had a problem with the food, guess Saturday should be avoided.,|,
Deliciously fresh food, top notch service and a charming atmosphere - I feel so lucky to have found this gem! Their was no wait at all (not surprised as it was a Wednesday morning) and I loved the attention to detail with the food.    They were super accommodating with my dietary restrictions and had a genuine approach to providing great service.   Looking forward to my next visit!,|,
I've been to gratzi twice now since it opened and both experiences have been great. We went with a group of 20 people for lunch and they were fast and the food was very good. Everyone liked what they got! The spinach salad add chicken is my favorite.,|,
Cashier did not rung up all my purchase but charged me an arbitrary $8   Register showed $3 and change.    Happened quickly.   I didn't call him on it which I realize would have  Protected the store  Probably saved myself money    I feel ripped off!   Also noticed cashier eating behind counter   Barista was talking in the phone pacing back and forth.     Looked very very wired.    Big personnel issues!,|,
I can't express enough how awesome this place is. The staff is incredibly nice and helpful. I absolutely love coming here.,|,
Super friendly service, they even offered to let me smell the tea before I ordered (from a cute little jar, not something others would be served from) because I'd never heard of it.  So I ordered a Small Vanilla Ceylon Tea Latte, and it's like drinking a perfectly sweet, creamy, vanilla flower.  My guy comes here for work happy hours pretty frequently, and I'm so glad he  brought me!!,|,
I stubbled upon this place.... great find... small plates.. family style dinning... delicious food... great service... get the lamb... it was my favorite:) 3 meats, a salad and mushrooms... so 5 plates was a great amount for two people... also self serve coffee... I love that:),|,
The food here is so good, nope it is great!  The couple that run it are so hardworking and incredibly friendly.  I love the food it is impeccably served and tastes so fresh.  I love the spicy tuna roll and have not found anyone that makes it as well.  My favourite is the sashimi bento box YUM,|,
This is by far my favorite Japanese steakhouse! Excellent quality of food and price. Desert included. Staff exceptionally friendly and the chef was outstanding !!! Highly recommend Ray....( he's our fav ) the scallops were cooked perfectly, as well as the steak. For sure would suggest for anyone looking for a dining option with lots of fun!!!,|,
The salmon po-boy was good, and the battered fish was ok. The fries that came with both were so over cooked and hard we couldn't eat them.,|,
Love the atmosphere.  Great beer choices.  Great music venue.  Yummy coffee.  Yummy veggie burger.,|,
Exploring East Boston today and walked by his Bakery, typical Spanish Bakery assortment of different desserts some handmade some store-bought I can tell. I ended up trying tres leches which is one of my personal favorites, solid cake not like the cumin Cuban version but still good. If you're looking for a sweet tooth and local bakery around your neighborhood stop by here,|,
A basic venue for American food done (just) okay.  The beer was cold and the service was okay (thanks, Stephen!)--even with a trainee in tow.  Nothing really impressive here.  If you want a basic burger and overcooked veggies, go here.  If you have a choice, maybe Einstein's would be a better choice next door ...,|,
Food cost $53 to feed our family of 7.  Employee made very rude comments to my Mother with head manager right there.  Salad was nasty and food cold.  Used to love Wendy's but this one is awful.  Won't go back.,|,
Went to this panda location last week and couldn't believe it. Everything I touched was nasty. There was some kind of sauce on almost every tray. The floor and tables were not wiped off and were sticky. The manager was sitting at a table talking to someone and not running the shop. I won't go back to this location.,|,
Its ok.  Big weirdly configured room, nice service.  Full service restaurant/bar.  Its ok.  Close to the airport, and won't break your wallet,|,
Good work thank you Boston audio design very satisfied here.....,|,
Pizza Hut is great! You get huge pizzas for your money, and the service is very quick and friendly. The breadsticks as a starter are delicious, and you get huge drinks. We were seated very quickly, and our food was delivered so quickly. A great meal.,|,
Kim House sounds like a Korean Restaurant name. In fact its a Japanese restaurant ran by Vietnamese. Yes this place serves Vietnamese food. I came here with couple of colleagues. I ordered the sashimi donburi and it was ok. The portion was kind of small. Not really worth the price for what I paid for. They also serve Viet food on top of Japanese.   The place is not fancy looking. Parking can be hard to find because it is located downtown.   Probably won't come back.,|,
I just left store after going all the way through it without one person asking if I needed help. Of course there was an attractive lady who followed after me who received service right away. This is a customer no service store.,|,
This is a protest one star review, BRING BACK THE CURRY RIB SOUP! Or at least something with that curry broth, it was the best, sometimes I'd see a table of 4 order 4 bowls of curry soup. How they can take this off the menu is beyond me. The other dishes are OK, but I won't be back until the curry is back.,|,
Got told their coffee was "not like coffee"   Its better. Ridiculously better.   Long shot Americano, no added water. just pure stretched espresso gold. like, words do not express how good it is.  will return tomorrow. bum first in another 20 minutes.   chocolaty velvety smooth creamy fresh love in a cup.   A+++++++++++++++++++++++++++   Le love.,|,
Loved this little spot by my house!  We sat outside -they have a few outside tables which was great because it was a nice day! It serves perfect portioned breakfast plates not too big and not too small- just right! Lots of options to choose from  and everything we got tasted fresh! Will definitely be back soon!,|,
Don't go here for the food...  I've been here three times and each time I am disappointed. Maybe I need to lower my expectations. Today there were no avocados on my salad. I told the waitress, she asked if I wanted her to bring some out... I was already done with my salad so that was a no. My BBQ chicken Flatbread was dry and bland... To top it off the ice cream in his sundae was freezer burnt. Sigh. At least they have the decor going for it.,|,
I could go on and on about this place but aint nobody got time for that. The sushi is awesome, the drinks are awesome and the service is exceptional. Best happy hour in Vancouver.,|,
Long wait and pricey, but best Ahi tuna burger with avocado that I've ever had.  They even let me put a fried egg on it.,|,
A proper East Coast pizza, the only one we've found in 25 years in the Midwest.,|,
Place is relatively clean. Staff seem to be shouting in the back a lot... not sure why orders need to be shouted at each other when the place is not busy.,|,
Very delicious   I recommend it for seafood lovers  The service was amazing very fast and polite  I order fried fish with sea soup bowel,|,
Unfortunately, as much as we wanted to love this place, we could not.   Appetizers were not good and pizza didn't taste as good as we expected. 3 stars are for great service. Eggplant Parmesan was not eatable said my wife. When I asked her why she ate most of it, she replied: " when you are so hungry you will eat anything"  We are hoping it was a bad day for the restaurant so we will be back to try again.  We appreciate our neighbor restaurants so fingers are crossed.,|,
Awesome shop!  I just got into town for a couple weeks for work and they set me up with everything I need to enjoy Austin by bike. Rented me a nice bike, helmet, lock, lights, the works.,|,
Love me some Mama's.  Fresh, friendly service and atmosphere.  Great value and quick for lunch time,|,
I'm an espresso junkie, and this is my favorite place to get a latte in Boulder. Period. Great food too- bagels especially, and the baristas are always friendly and genuine. Great atmosphere, great espresso, great food- on second thought, never go there. It's mine.,|,
Awesome food at cheap prices in a good setting and a nice way of serving!,|,
The tacos are solid!!!  I would say they were a tad dry but really awesome! We tried the chorizo, pastor, chicken, steak. My girls had a chicken quesadilla and they cleaned their plate! A shining star here is the Guacamole!,|,
If you are looking for authentic pan Asian cuisine, come here! The staff and bartenders are super friendly. The sushi is really good, pho is good, but they need to put the Thai iced tea back on the menu! Also Tues, and Thur it's half off sushi and sake.,|,
This bar/restaurant is pretty good! I came with a group here for dinner on a Saturday night and had great service. Our waitress was very friendly and helped us pick out yummy choices on the menu. The appetizer quesadilla is delicious, we should've order two. Overall, I would recommend this place to family and friends. Fun atmosphere too.,|,
I would have to say it is the best sushi in Beaverton. It is a little pricey, but you are definately getting what you are paying for!!!,|,
The place looked great and customer service was great as well. The French toast was horrible; tasteless, flavorless etc . The eggs, sausage, and grits were nasty as well. The pictures definitely look way better than what the food taste like .,|,
Waited almost 20 minutes to print out 3 pieces of paper. I told the Store manager that the person at the print and copy needed help and that there was 8 people in line and he said that is normal. That is unacceptable and if a customer is brining  a concern to a store manager he should help out or provide assistance if possible.  I just left. Won't give these people my business anymore!,|,
Coffee is always burned and order is often wrong. Walk down to the Porter DD instead.,|,
The prices are WAY too high. You have to spend SO much money to get anything worthwhile off of your gas purchases. If they let you do more than one fill up (say 2-3) with the money off per gallon, that is the only way it would be worth while.  I buy my beer and my fish/butcher counter items here. I do the rest of my shopping at Kroger.,|,
Very helpful.  Another shop sold me bad equipment and they got me straight away.  Great supplies and variety of stuff,|,
I had never been to this place - I know it's under new management and I have to say, it's a sweet little spot! Indoor/outdoor so I imagine it can get hot - but the food was really good, drinks were reasonably priced. They have a lake view and chairs set up outside to enjoy a beautiful, Florida sunset and it's a nice change of pace from Vanberry's across the street that is always so busy.  It's more of a "beach" style place - casual dining. I'll be back for sure!,|,
Very clean and inviting shop. Employees are always friendly and helpful-I've never had to wait for a bed, so it's a quick 15 minute rejuvenating "time out" after a long work day!,|,
Went twice during my stay in Vancouver despite long lines and not amazing service.  The food is flat out excellent.  We got waffles and breakfast sides (baked beans, eggs, potatoes) and were amazed.  Great coffee too.,|,
Cute coffeehouse! Like others have said it has a neighborhood feel and also is family friendly. I also love how close it is to Gabriel Park. I have had a latte there and also just regular drip coffee and both were great and reasonably priced. Just be aware they aren't open in the evening!,|,
Love this place, I just love having froyo in the neighborhood I don't have to go all the way downtown for. Kinda felt bad for abandoning my favorite bubble t place that's down the street for this VeryBerry though but it was worth it lol I use to work at pinkberry and always made the best swirls and they'd love taking pictures.,|,
A decent deal Sunday evenings, food is ok, enough items to choose from to stuff yourself. Won't say it's an incredible selection or anything. Would be nicer to have better cooked fish options but hey, it's a buffet.  It's not like I won't be back but I won't be wanting to go back.,|,
I think this place is great.   The pizza's always cooked perfectly, they have a good selection of toppings, and the salads are much better than you usually see from smaller pizza delivery places.  And, it's pretty reasonably priced.  The staff is always pleasant and they've never gotten an order wrong, whether I call it in or place it online.   It's not much to look at location-wise, but that doesn't bother me, personally.   I'm a fan.,|,
This is a great Applebee's . Ordered baked haddock which was great and the grilled shrimp Thai salad yummy  Clean great servers will visit again,|,
Amazing food and service , good coffee also  Get in early as the lines can be long  But well worth the wait,|,
Had a great meal at Luke's last night!! I was celebrating my birthday with a few friends so they gave each of us a glass of complimentary champagne. I got the pork, two of my friends got the chicken salad, and another got the chicken. We of course started out with the rolls. The meal was wonderful & so was the service. Looking forward to coming back again!,|,
Fantastic pub! Great drink specials, Scottish owners, football games on all the televisions and the drinks were ice cold. Mark and Michelle are fantastic hosts and the owner was very friendly and bought rounds of drinks. Great banter and made me feel as though I were back in Scotland. They really made me feel like part of the family. Spent a great deal of my Florida vacation hanging out at Murphys and can't wait to get back!,|,
Gorgeous gorgeous place. Gives such a Boston feel. Amazing food !! People who work here must be given all the credit . Great hospitality,|,
Food was quite good and very reasonably priced, although the delivery driver was very rude.  He got quite upset with me when he couldn't find the delivery address, was a little surprised at how angry he got.  When he finally found the location he acted like he didn't want to be there, very strange, but otherwise good food and good value.,|,
This place is fantastic!  You have to stop by ... the minute you arrive you are greeted with a smile.  We sat in the lounge area which is just beautiful.  The orchestration behind the bar was awesome!  The drinks were fantastic and the menu was interesting and delicious!  We had a great time and will be back for more!,|,
The Pretzel pepperoni pizza they have is amazing only problem is that it is rarely n the menu and when it is it is for a very limited time. The wait is always less than 10 mins.,|,
In a city where tacos are plentiful, this taco truck makes a name for itself! The food is friendly, tasty, feels authentically, homemade and worth the price of roughly about $3 bucks a taco. The tacos are filling too! This is my first time trying this taco truck and I will certainly be back very soon WITH friends.,|,
The ramen here isn't too bad! I got the spicy tonkatsu ramen with bamboo shoots and it was pretty good! my only complaint is the broth is a little heavy for me.   The Takoyaki was pretty good too but I wish it was a bit more crunchy! The egg salad that is under it, is really good!   My friends and I also got the Lychee Sake which was really nice! If you like sweet things I recommend this!   The wait is pretty long and its a bit crowded but it is okay.,|,
Made us feel like vip's! Had a friend from out of town out with for the night. Security guys chatted him up, let us right in, great music, pretty crowd, and we had a ****ing blast! Definitely going back.,|,
Always a great place to taste some tea with friends. The staff is very friendly and not pushy.,|,
Pretty good breakfast. I came back for the eggs benny. Such creative options and gluten free VG alternatives. Love the small diner atmosphere. Only three stars due to false advertising about serving real Canadian maple syrup. Even when I questioned it they stuck to the story. Aunt Jemima does not count as real maple syrup. Just saying.,|,
It really is as good as a donut gets. Had a lemon cream filled donut and would love the recipe for the delicious filling that was obviously made with fresh squeezed lemon juice and top notch ingredients.,|,
Thai Dish is my favorite Thai place in close proximity to my workplace. Definitely go there when the Sox aren't in town or else it's packed with fans who order "Pad Thai" because "that's what you get at a Thai restaurant right?". The food is great and they are super welcoming to vegans and they make just about anything vegan friendly. They also fill your water glass promptly.,|,
I like the strawberry mint hookah. The tea they serve is great as well. Parking? That can be a problem. The building is old too. Lots of bums outside.,|,
Absolutely awesome! Great food, service impeccable and waiter super friendly. Will for sure come back!,|,
Amazing food amazing place!!! Amanda is definitely one of the best waiters I've had. For sure will come again.,|,
Was visiting from out of town and waited for about 45 minutes then was told the kitchen was closed because the boiler caught fire!!!  I didn't believe it because the staff seemed overwhelmed and understaffed.,|,
I had the loveliest time this past Saturday working with Lucinda. She made the process stress-free, pleasant and so fun! I ended up with a dress completely different than I had envisioned and I couldn't be happier. Thank you for the best day!,|,
Came here for little steamed buns.   Result, stay with steamed buns only because other stuff like soups and tofu dishes are horrible.  The owner is pretty grumpy too. But it is a normal thing in Vancouver area Chinese places.,|,
Such a well-done and fantastic place! Amazing service with top-notch quality food. I have been there for both, happy hour and dinners and I have never been disappointed. The servers are extremely knowledgable about what they are serving whether its food or drinks. The ceviche during the happy hour is Great! If you are going for dinner, you must try the swordfish and the jalapeno bacon wrap, they are so good!,|,
Honestly, this place is amazing.  Can I afford it? Not at this point in my life. Do I go and admire the flowers? Every chance I get. Everything in Flowerz is a work of art.  If you will notice the other reviews: those that actually went with this florist for their wedding gave Flowerz 5 stars. Please don't write this place off because of poor reviews, go see for yourself. Completely amazing. I'm in love.,|,
Service was good food was incredibly bland and over priced. I wouldn't recommend this place.,|,
I went to Sushi Factory on Christmas for their sushi buffet. The restaurant is clean and sitting is comfortable.  The sushi was good and the price was right for $22 per person.  I think it's worth a try.,|,
Had the chicken fingers with Mac, fries, and dirty rice. The fingers were very large, the sides were divine. The fries are curly like the name. Dirty Rice was made from scratch and also great. There's a wait, but its worth it.,|,
We waited for almost one hour and everyone came later than us has finished eating. So we eventually did not get food at all and we were in a rush. It is really disappointing.,|,
Stoked when I started working downtown so I could snag my favorite bowls for lunch. This place has been a constant disappointment and most recently sent me back to work with a bowl of half rotten vegetables with a bug in it. They are out of condiments half the time and this whole place is disgusting in general. Overpriced trash compared to their other locations. No one in the entire Standard Insurance building office eats there.,|,
The most delicious Cuban food I have ever tasted! Roast Pork, Moro, Plantains and of course authentic Cuban Espresso! The owner and staff are friendly and inviting. The restaurant and restroom is very clean. La musica is amazing and there is plenty of seating for family and friends! I will definitely be back whenever I am in Orlando!,|,
I love a good fritter, this place has the best. They mix it up with different fruits for some variety. The staff are friendly and great for some conversation.   I took away a star because they could use a good "mom's touch" and tidy the place up a bit.,|,
A very well done theme park restaurant, like always the price is high but atleast the meal is filling an tastes good, although the menu is limited but their good at what they do.  Also the decoration feels authentic, until you look out the window or upfront to the lines.,|,
My boyfriend took me here the last time I was visiting him in the John's Creek area. He told me it was his favorite restaurant, and I can see why! The food was delicious, and the service was wonderful. The prices were reasonable, and comparative to other Italian restaurants. The portions were HUGE! In my opinion - a major plus. I got the ziti, and had enough left over for two more meals. It was the best ziti I've ever had! Highly recommended.,|,
if you haven't had wings here, you missing out.  delicious, the sweet tea is like candy haha  it's a great place any time, i like to go when like college basketball is on because it's the kind of place where you can actually strike up conversation with random people watching game, unlike a buffalo wild wings where everyone to their own and its just so huge and loud. and definitely some good people watching there.,|,
Love their cream cheese frosting. Cappuccino, yum. Great staff too! Had the luck of having the  friendly girl with the half shaved look.,|,
I got the Falafel and the Fried Paneer Taco... Overall, the tacos tasted pretty good! If you are looking for a twist on the traditional Texan Tacos this is your place. But if you are looking for a TexMex tacos I would recommend an actual TexMex Food Truck.  The Falafel Taco was the better of the two perfectly cooked and blended well with the sauces The Fried Paneer Taco was a little off since the crema sauce overpowered the taco.   I would definitely go again for a quick bite though,|,
Went there for Sunday Brunch. Got chocolate chip pancakes. Pancakes were dry. Nothing to die for. Home Fries looked very burnt but not that much flavor. Service was very very good. Waiting for table for an hour. Give yourself an hour to be seated even if they say 20 mins. Place looked and sound very good.,|,
Okay, now everyone says that they like Chinese food from their hometown, well this place was a close to home as you can get. The food was great. No mushy overcooked rice. It smelled like a restaurant in their and it was actual asian people eating there. That is a big deal. It is 15-20 minutes away from my house but well worth the drive. Yummy. I want some right now.,|,
Khadija was awesome!! Love my lashes!  Can't wait to go back, I think this is going to be my new addiction.,|,
One of my favorite places in Boston, as a student I am really sensitive to price and whiskey's is very affordable! $25 for a dinner for 2 with beers!  They have wide range of burgers and the pizza are incredible. It's a casual place where I like to hang out, watch sports with friends...,|,
Average at best. Been twice second time definitely shame on me the second time.,|,
I've never had an issue with them. They messed my prescription up once and They immediately fixed it. Every time I have called with a question or concern they get right back. Chris is the best!,|,
Loved the laid back atmosphere of Belmont Station. I am a beer newbie when it comes to craft brewers and I asked for a recommendation and they went into the beer store and selected a beer for me. Very knowledgeable staff and you are bound to find interesting people to talk to there who love beer.   The only drawback is they only served pretzels. I wish they would have had a small restaurant as well to compliment the beers they were serving on tap.,|,
This place seems "ok"  but overrated.  They play records "LP's" and have a superficial crowd of "I wanna be hipsters!",|,
OMG!!  This place gets five stars for their out of this world Cheeseburger Pizza.  Pizza crust with mini hamburger patties, pickles, shredded lettuce, onions, ketchup, tomato, American cheese, and FRENCH FRIES.  It is the coolest pizza ever.  Wash it down with a glass of blueberry beer and you have got yourself quite the meal.,|,
Thai Kitchen offers wonderful, multi-course meals at extremely reasonable prices. The atmosphere is cozy and very friendly. . . and the dishes are very tasty and wholesome, indeed. I'm an old Cambridge kid, now living in San Francisco near some of the best Asian restaurants in the country. When I am back in Cambridge I always enjoy visiting Thai Kitchen. If they were located in San Francisco, they would be right in there among the most popular restaurants in the Richmond District.,|,
Overlooked burgers , and diluted drinks . Definitely not coming back here unless u want the view.,|,
Have visited twice now, wonderful breakfast, try the egg pie, wonderful. Only complaint would be some of the waiter,s.  If you decide to eat here often buy a cup, bring it in with you for a discount. Reasonable prices.,|,
I loved their vegan donuts! The ones I got were more like cake donuts so if you prefer that for your donuts this place is perfect. My friend got the normal donuts and she was really pleased with them. The atmosphere was great and the staff was nice.,|,
My mom and I were perusing Park Ave on a Saturday afternoon and decided to stop for lunch. Most places we walked by were slammed and had a wait for a table so we decided to go with Bosphorous. That lamb is so good. I got the Iskender Kebap and it's so tender, flavorful and mouth watering good. We also got the Lavas which was just perfect.,|,
Lovely hotel, modern with stunning views! The lobby and restaurant area is quite nice. They have a Starbucks on the first floor, a souvenir store, and bar and restaurant Tamo, with a lovely patio too.   Indoor pool and we are enjoying our trip. I definitely recommend this hotel for your next trip to Boston.,|,
It is an ok Chinese restaurant. The red sauce and fried rice could be better on a consistent basis. I eat there regularly cause they are in the area.,|,
Pretty decent spot for some Pan-Asian cuisine.    You may need to break out some Siracha or salt to add some punch to a few of their blander dishes.,|,
This is my favorite fried chicken in Austin--love the spice added to it, it really tied everything together. I watched the Women's Soccer World Cup there last year and it was a blast. Their mac and cheese is alright but didn't really enjoy their coleslaw, which was a shame.   I can see bringing my entire family here and them having a great time!,|,
Someone should have told me it's 60$ per a person for a dinner buffet because we have these two characters walking around..OUCHHHHHHH. If they had the seafood like they do on friday's i wouldnt be as pissed. I felt sooo embarrassed bringing my friends here...not knowing what we were in for since we were staying at the hotel. Having to cough up the bill for 4 people sucked majorly...,|,
Perhaps not a five star in an urban environment but the menu and wine list here for an airport make it worth a diversion. If I can squeeze In a longer layover this is a dining stop. There are loads of chains and fast food at ATL but a real meal is here.,|,
Too many smokers on the porch. Supposed to be 15 feet from restaurant entrance and this is not enforced here :( yuck.,|,
The sliced beef curry with extra potatoes is the best meal they have.  Service and atmosphere isn't 5star, but you don't go here for fine dining.  so good!,|,
The hotel is great. We came a couple and got the double bedroom. We asked to change for one king bed and got an amazing room! Very clean, with everything you need.   The only thing that is a bit disappointing that BF and shuttles to the parks aren't included (unlike many other hotel in the area),|,
My happy hour go to spot. Tina is always there ready to take my crews order with a smile and the food is amazing. The location is also very convenient and the atmosphere is exactly what you would expect from the area.,|,
A place to avoid by any means!!!!  Waited 40 minutes to pick up a To Go Order that I placed on the phone 15min prior to my arrival on the spot.   37 minutes after eating the wings I got, here I am desperately looking for a bathroom...   I'll let you imagine the rest.,|,
one of the staples in boulder.  fabulous space downtown on walnut st.  you need reservations!  sometimes you get lucky with a seat at the bar, but don't count on it.  brunch, lunch, and dinner are all great.  reminds me of balthazar in nyc.,|,
I really like this place, love the decoration, layout, the fact they have a bakery next door is pretty sweet. Again creature of habit here, i seem to always be here on Thursday where the lunch special is chicken fajitas or carne de puerco. I have had the fajitas which are excellent but the pork with green sauce is out of site! Great deal as well from 11-2 the daily lunch special is only 4.99! It's worth a trip if your in the south Austin area,|,
Our favorite sushi place in the city. The NY Strip roll and Up the Stream roll are the best and we keep coming back for more. High quality sushi and fair prices for the amount of food you get. Nice ambiance and plenty of seating. If you want more casual seating you can sit at the high tops in the bar area.,|,
How do you generally feel about good things?  Delicious things?  Well then, go to Pattycake.   I recommend the chocolate cupcakes, lemon cupcakes, and pumpkin cookies sandwiched together with pumpkin spice frosting.,|,
Here is my suggestion for the owners. Go to Press Club wine bar in San Fran. Try to duplicate by the glass quality and value, and then you'll be able to call your establishment a wine bar. Mediocre wine at premium prices.,|,
Still the best place around to get pizza.  Don't let the bar scare you off, the food is worth it.,|,
Kick Drum Burgers are the absolute best. All natural ingredients and housemade sauces top off fresh beef on a eggy brioche bun. They are delicious!,|,
I like it, kinda wish them sell taiwanese food snack too.,|,
Been here before, and love the beer. But disappointed tonight to find that when they say "Open until 10p" that means last call is actually at 9:15p. Rosinlade is not convenient, and we drove out of our way for no reason. If you stop serving at 915p and you don't have anything else like food, you are closed at 915 and not 10p. I'll be sticking with their Canton location.,|,
The food here is great The service is great. I love the atmosphere they created. Also had an outdoor patio which you don't find downtown that often anymore. Also has a great bar with very nice and attentive bar tenders.,|,
Yum!  If you know me, tacos and breakfast are my favorite meals so I know a thing or two about them. So, if you like authentic Mexican tacos(or even the Americanized version I got) you'll want to hurry here.  It's in a small unassuming shopping center but it was definitely worth the trip from my place in Audubon Park. We were a party 7 and ordered a few chips and salsa and cheese dips for the table.  The service was quick and friendly and the food was great!  I'll definitely be back!,|,
This place has always been good, but I feel like they have even gotten better as of recently. Better quality fish, the rolls are well constructed, the rice is on-point, and the price is unbeatable.   Almost did not want to review as I would hate for it to be too busy, they always have my order ready in 10min no matter what.  Pretty cool.,|,
Location:  parked in publix lot.  In viet town.  Easy to get to 5/5 Atmosphere:  loud and chaotic 3/5 Service:  went on the server reccomendation.  Pretty good 4/5 Food:  slimy tofu.  Needed to use firm tofu 2\5 Value:  inexpensive and huge portions 5/5 Return:  yes,|,
Generally clean, nice staff, but there was an intense musty smell that lingered in the room and hallways. Probably would not be staying here again. The damp carpet was especially worrying, but the beds were comfortable and clean.,|,
Great patio to sit on and wait for the ferry. Try the piña colada. It was made fresh.   For food we had the parmesan fries and fish tacos. Both were tasty. The fish wasn't too greasy and had a great avocado sauce on top. The fries had a crispy coating and were loaded with Parmesan.,|,
One time, I came out of here after happy hour and a bum made fun of me.  I miss you Bean!,|,
Bad Food and even though its an all u can eat buffet is way over priced. Employees are OK but not exactly friendly enough.   Food Quality- (out of 5 stars) 1 Atmosphere ( out of 5 stars) 2 Service ( out of 5 stars) 1,|,
High-end American. High prices but unimpressive service and taste. There is better in Harvard Square (try Upstairs on the Square instead).,|,
Hands-down, Splash Mountain is my favorite ride at Magic Kingdom. Great story and animations on top of being a thrilling ride. ProTip: make a beeline for Splash Mountain after the fireworks and you'll have not that bad of a wait and you get an amazing view of the park lit up before your 50 foot drop!,|,
Great spot for good authentic CV food and great drinks.  Has a live band  which is awesome and a very warm and welcoming vibe overall when you enter.   Quick tip: Thursday nights are the live nights and it gets pretty packed with people dancing and singing and having a great time. Its simply amazing.,|,
Friendly staff, awesome beer selection, tasty food (especially the poutine), and Barbara Roberts is a regular. This place is everything I love about Sellwood.,|,
Tried this place for the second time and I'm not mad that I did. I always fall in love with the patio in the back. The Baja & cauliflower tacos were good! Loved the guac too. It's a bit spicy, so be aware.,|,
Small place, great owner, best lamb gyro in pdx all for $7.  The seafood salad was also great with lots of fish and shrimp.  I will come back and try the hummus and bacon wrapped dolmas.,|,
Great interesting drinks and gave me a vibe similar to the cosmopolitan in las vegas and good food. Small portions but really good,|,
*Great service  *I had the Saumon Fumé and it was delicious.  My husband had the Tagine and he was also super happy  *We ordered a couple of the Liege-Style Waffle for desert.  One with dark chocolate sauce and one with the peach & bourbon butterscotch sauce.  Our favorite of the two was the peach & bourbon butterscotch.  The place gets busy but the food was really wonderful.,|,
Recently dropped off a cake to surprise a friend who was coming here for dinner. They were extremely friendly and helpful and even went above and beyond to really make their birthday experience special! Shout out to their manager Sal he was a big help!!! Looking forward to try their food very soon!,|,
Quotes " All of us. very impressed. Over-indulged and satisfied "  I'll be back to do the Taj brunch rooftop again,|,
My family, friends and I just spent our 4th of july in a private reserved area here. Ivy was a pleasure to work with from the get go. She was speedy with her emails and beyond accommodating to our needs. When we got to Relax Grill she greeted us right away and ended up being our server as well. The whole staff assisted us and made sure we had everything we needed. THANK YOU SO MUCH RELAX GRILL. our 4th of july was fantastic!!!!,|,
Love Hyde Park Bar and Grill! They have wonderful fries... and great all around food, especially the asian chicken salad! Their mango margaritas are the best, and they have great service - you are seated quickly even if there is a crowd, and the food comes out quickly.  My only complaint is that I miss the huge thing of fries that used to sit on top of the fork outside... what's up with the weird heart? sometimes the earth is up there too... i vote for the fries!!,|,
Not impressed. Don't get the mussels (sauce terrible and a few were undercooked) and the ribeye steak was full of fat. The entertainment was the best part of the night. They give the kids only 2 overcooked chicken tenders with fries for $9.  Very overpriced. My husband left hungry and I left with an upset stomach.  Service was good. Service and entertainment allowed me to give it 2 stars.,|,
excellent small family owned Greek restaurant. I've been to Santorini Greece several times and can attest for the authenticity of this place...not to mention the warm welcome we get every time we walk in the door.,|,
Went here yesterday- the food was awesome and the service was good. Will be back again soon!,|,
Crowded, loud and absolutely fabulous.  My first time in the area.  I'm always looking for a good pie.  These pizzas are HUGE!  Both in size and flavor.  I try pizza everywhere I go and was skeptical about a place named Ryans, but it was worth the trip and I would go back again if in the area..,|,
My one experience here was scary....total used car salesmen.  Since I was a first time buyer, they offered to cut the price in half.  The catch was I had to buy right then....no time to think about it, no return....just hand over my hard earned cash.  Go to Shane Co.,|,
This hotel is amazing! Everything and more you would come to expect from a Disney Resort. Grand Lobby, gorgeous pool, and amazing views of the lake in the rear of the property. Monorail and Ferry stops on site, very easy to get around!,|,
Had a great dinner. The piaea was fantastic. Great flavors, full of chicken, shellfish and flavor! Big enough for two to share. My wife had the barbecue chicken which was also excellent. Started dinner with a couple of cocktails (Hammer and Cycle, and Mohito) both excellently done.  We are ready to come back again.  Great Job.,|,
Very clean little restaurant with great Mexican food! My daughters had the Chrizzo burritos and they were huge and had excellent favor. The carne guisada, rice, and beans were awesome! The only thing they are missing is homemade tortillas, hence the 4 stars not 5.   The staff were all so friendly and inviting, I'm sure we'll be back before we leave Austin!,|,
Come for the food, stay for the head. PIGS HEAD TACOS THAT IS!!!  Other than that was a huge fan of the biscuits and the crudo.  The meal ended with quite the tale. PIG TAIL DONUTS THAT IS.  4/5 to the Ravenous pig. 5/5 this review.,|,
What can I say! Super friendly, amazing tea, and delicious soup dumplings. My wife and I from out of town, we walked past this place the other day from our hotel nearby. Gave it a shot today. Was not disappointed! My wife and I will return before we leave!,|,
It's ok. I don't like the atmosphere, or lack thereof. The meat is average for Texas BBQ, and the sides were just ok.,|,
As noted by other reviewers, the fans of MONKEY WRENCH BICYCLES keep coming back for old school customer service and no-jive advice.  I returned a defective pump the other day and, instead of an exchange, was given an upgrade to the model used by their bike techs. Transactions like this define a well-oiled LBS and keep the customers rolling back in.,|,
Meh, nothing special. You get what you pay for. Big portions but the taste factor is missing.,|,
Stellar cart food and consistently good. Shelly is always very friendly and attentive. The portions are insane. Small would feed most of my family. Okay, well at least two of us. :)  There's usually a line, but it goes fast and it's worth it. There are options for dairy-free, gluten-free, and even her utensils are the compost-able kind. Nice.,|,
Very cool and Arabic place. I enjoy their food and hospitality very much. I would give five stars but the meat portions usually a bit small. Other than that, its great!!,|,
One of the best restaurants in Vancouver! Authentic atmosphere, authentic staff, authentic food.   Mussels & Fries - Only served on Wednesdays, which is why we literally only come here on Wednesdays. Tastes as good, if not better, than what we've had in Europe. Assiette de Charcuterie & Assiette de Fromages - Absolutely delicious. It's really hard to find good charcuterie so make sure you get some while you're here.,|,
I ordered the beef tacos (pretty basic of me) and did not regret it one bit! The beef tacos are amazing and seasoned well. Definitely recommend this spot! The price is very reasonable.,|,
I have been going to this Barber shop about every month and a half for the past two years. Naji is an incredible guy who is always very patient as is equipped with great conversation. Cuts hair with great consistency so I know what I am getting every time. As long as I am in Austin I will come here for a cut.,|,
Amazing food, and great service. Was a little busy but that is their fault for having such delicious meals.,|,
My favorite place to go for vegetarian chinese food. Always tastes great and a good deal for the amount of food you get. The owners/staff are friendly and the service is great. I recommend the dumplings and any of the vegan sushi.,|,
The soup there is basic, nothing special about it.  They give you pop chips with a sandwich, but don't ask which kind you would like. (Who like potato cheddar, honestly.) The salad bar is nice since you pay by the container ,not the weight. Good for fruit salad. But regular salad gets gritty wilted lettuce. Not so super, eh?,|,
The salmon is an absolute must try!  The food was very full of flavor and savor, and I am quite tempted to go back again tonight.   The wait wasn't that bad either.  Our server was very great and very attentive to our table.,|,
I've been missing Pietro's Pizza since moving out of Southern Oregon.   Great Pizza, lots of games for the kids.,|,
Service poor , music loud . Not the place it use to be. We were sitting at bar long time before being spoken to and longer yet to get service .,|,
This is place is awesome! Great atmosphere, clean picknick tables and now that the weather is cooler it's a great place to hang out.  The food is great. Traditional Lebanese food cooked with love. The owners are very nice and welcoming.  I'll for sure be back; andI'd recommend anyone wanting some delicious Lebanese food and a laid back atmosphere to check it out!,|,
Went to Dots a few days ago for the first time and had a great experience. The atmosphere is funky cool SE Portland. Dark lighting with velvet walls and awesome paintings. We ordered the the cheesey jalapeno fries along with a couple of cocktails and two burgers. The food and drinks were awesome and the service by our waiter was really good. Overall had a great time and we will be going back again!,|,
Really impressive museum. Visually stunning. The nautical displays are exceptional. I was a bit underwhelmed by the 'Wedded Bliss" exhibit. They had some great peices but I would have liked to see more. More dresses, more paintings, more jewelry etc. The staff are very friendly and the museum is well maintained. Definitely worth a visit.,|,
This is our go-to for nights we don't feel like cooking (and often many other times as well). An everything bowl, is heaven in my mouth, and it's quite affordable too. Their bowls are delicious, healthy, gluten-free and quite flavorful (OMG that tali sauce). This place will always have a spot on our regular rotation.,|,
My favorite Ethiopian place! The ribeye tibs layered over Shiro and a *bunch* of extra veggie sides (I especially love the potato stew...atter?) we come every time we are in town and it never disappoints :),|,
Love this place. Old school - reminds me somewhat of the Northend joints in Boston. Very good food and very good service.,|,
This is one of my favorite places in Columbus. My friends and I come here for drinks and table tennis all the time. they often have live music so it always has a fresh atmosphere when I come. For food I always get the burger, its not the best burger in the word but it is pretty good. It's very open so causal. just the way I like it.,|,
Good healthy food, good selection, and good value.  Tofu Bankok Curry was really good.  Great location in the Pearl District.,|,
Again this is my new go to place for entertainment! Watched Atomic Blonde! I can't get enough of the spicy tuna on crispy rice! No other movie theater gives me the bang for my buck like this place does!,|,
Went on Wednesday for after work drinks. The vibe is nice, dark and warm. Service was good. Didn't eat. Heard they have live music on Friday and Saturday nights. I'll be back.,|,
My 1st Dosa experience- had eggplant, lamb vindaloo and chicken dosas - all 3 very tasty - lamb had good luck. Also a coconut curry chicken - pretty good. Definitely going there for the dosas. Chai average. Service ladies very kind. Overall reasonable price and good food,|,
Always the best food and best service. No other indian restaurant on scott rd can compete with Tastys.,|,
Not much to say, standard business hotel, polite staff, well located.  Clean and comfy.,|,
I ordered the one lbs of crab legs,  corn,  and potato salad.  I believe I chose the everything mix seasoning.  The food was really delicious!  I will definitely order from there again when in the area.,|,
Excellent craft beers. Not just one or two, but I tried five and they all were good.  And I have been to dozens of craft breweries across the US (and many beer festivals).  They dont have an 18% beer but the ones they have are solid representatives of their types (IPA, stout, red IPA etc).  There is no food yet, but some will be coming in the near future. The place doesnt open till 3 pm.  The bar tender was polite and knowledgeable. All in all, a good craft brewery bar.,|,
Definetly my first pick when it comes to pizza places. The quality of the food and prices are great, and the owner is the sweetest guy youll ever meet!,|,
Came here Saturday night. Loved the atmosphere and food. Favorites were shrimp and grits, beet salad, and cornbread. The service itself was good, but our server (Samantha?) was miserable. No thank You's, no personality, rude in her responses. I'm a server, and to make your tips, you have to have good people skills. This was lacking. I would go back for the great food and good ambiance.,|,
I've been here a few times and have been really happy. The owner even remembered me from a few years earlier! They do good work, are quick, the price is good, and they're easy to work with. Enough said! I highly recommend them.,|,
Ehh, I can't think of any reason to return here.   Lunch service is slow. Perhaps hire more servers?  I had a cocktail which was pretty good and an ok burger.   I asked for some blue cheese dressing for my fries (yes weird I know). First time ever I've been charged for it. It came in one of those thimble cups no less.  On my bill it read "dressing side $1.00",|,
Amazing food! The Adobo fried rice was really good. Pork was tender and very flavorful. Tacos were good, as well. But the best part of it was the Lumpia. I grew up with a Filipino relative who loved to cook, so my expectations were high. Challenge accepted and met!  Customer service was exceptional! The chef really loved what he was doing, and it really came across in both his attitude and his food.,|,
Love the location- dont love the bathroom situation- have to use the lake eola public restrooms which are not usually clean at all. Food is just ok.,|,
This is probably the only Mexican Restaurant I go to, coming from a very Mexican family where we cook really good home cooked meals, its hard to find a good place that almost tastes like home and this is it. REAL GOOD MEXICAN FOOD.,|,
I went in to find some parts for some drum hardware. I thought it might be a challenge but Matt located everything I needed in about 7 minutes and everything is a perfect match. It only cost $3.25 too, what a great value. I almost felt bad I wasn't paying more because it turned a $35 item back into a $70 item. thanks guys,|,
On the eve of Chinese New Year, We tasted  the mostly renowned Boston lobster with shaking sauce at Shaking Crab. Love the taste! Gratified for the prompt service! Feel great!,|,
Have been there a couple of times and love the lunch Bento boxes!  $15 not bad for a corp. lunch.  Sushi, spring roll, rice and entree!  Had crispy beef this last time good but not the best.  Was a little chewy but tasty. The seafood items, softshelll crab beto are excellent.,|,
This is the first authentic German food I have had in years and it was awesome!  The sauerbraten and spaetzle were fantastic.  We got there about 10 minutes after open and it was already starting to get packed.  I wish I had more time to spend there as I would have liked to sit in the bar and try the different beers.  We immediately recommended it to friends to try!,|,
Came here for the first time and the store had a huge selection. The vibe was really weird and I felt like I was being watched and rushed. Not like most smoke shops were people are chill and helpful.,|,
Reliable & scrumptious pies, that are memorable & inexpensive. Sounds like a winning combination, right? RIGHT!   White Pie & the House (w/o olives) are my two favorites. By the slice or in a variety of sizes.   This particular location is my favorite, but I've had consistently great food & service at locations throughout at Atlanta.,|,
Wow! I just went to Craig for the first time and five days later, I'm still saying Wow! It's taken me a long time to find the right haircutter in Austin, but I am truly impressed by my cut. I love their bumble & bumble products, too.  http://www.topazsalon.com/stylist.php?stylist_num=25#bottom,|,
Went here and got a blueberry smoothie with grass jelly. The flavor was great, and I definitely enjoyed it. The texture wasn't perfect, as there was a little bit of flavorless ice at the bottom, but not too big of a deal. In the past, I'm pretty sure I had lemon jasmine tea with boba and this was great too. It would be nice if they had more flavors, but those that they have are quite tasty. Also, be warned they are cash only.,|,
If you like subway you will love firehouse. Firehouse is pretty much a higher quality subway.,|,
Great customer service !!! I bought tickets and realized they would not be delivered until the day of our flights. I emailed them and they got my tickets delivered via email.  They provided instructions and helped me all along the way. My girls are so happy to see Hamilton. Thanks so much !,|,
He  was doing his Cart years before it was COOL. Best fast in town. Great chili dogs, the best ever .....,|,
It's been to long coming back here,totally awesome. Met friends for lunch Ozzy our waiter was great. Thank you Ozzy. Will come back sooner than later.,|,
Nice open area in the back, great location on N Alberta street. Came here to grab a couple beers and some black bean nachos - very satisfactory way to end the night.,|,
Michelle was extremely professional and welcoming which are two major things I look for in a business. I would love to have been a regular client if I didn't recently take a job in the Midwest. I will be back soon!,|,
Never had a bad time there over many years.  Great for drinks and bites or dinner    If you come to the rainy city come to the Pearl and give it a try.,|,
Very knowledgeable and attentive staff!! I came in the other and asked one of the staff about riesling recommendations, and he not only explained the different types of riesling to me, but he also recommended a bottle that is now my favorite riesling EVER!!   Overall, my experience has been wonderful each time. The staff is very kind and they are always willing to help you find what you need and they all have a positive attitude and a smile on their faces. Love y'all!!,|,
Allways consitent, always tasty, allways warm. We love this place. the service is very natural.,|,
I must be missing something. I just spent $112 for flowers sent for the birth of my granddaughter.  I asked if that was enough to get a real "special" arrangement. I was so embarrassed when I saw it and it looked like a $45 arrangement.  To make matters worse it was dwarfed by a $75 arrangement sitting next to it from a different florist. I do not recommend this florist and will not be doing business with them again.  Very disappointed .  One star is actually too high.,|,
The best spaetzle in the southeast.  No question!   Come for the food, stay for the dinner show.  It's Octoberfest whenever you want!   If you dig the German beer, be sure to bring a designated driver!,|,
The cold brew coffee is excellent, the staff are very friendly and helpful, parking is reasonably easy, it's not too loud or too quiet inside, the wifi is fast (8 mbps), and there're 3 wifi networks from which to choose (in case one bogs down).  What more could you want?  I'll tell you....longer hours...they close at 7pm, so this isn't a good spot to get some night time work done.  still 5 stars.,|,
Great pizza. Not a ton of seating so hope you don't show up on a busy night. We had the chicken broccoli Alfredo pizza it came out fast and was very flavorful.,|,
Such a cozy restaurant! Love the food. The owner is always there at dinner time since they opened 8 years ago. So you can expect nothing but amazing service. Interesting celebrities go there because the food and the quiet and cozy atmosphere. I love the sushi rolls. Really good qualities with good price. Will go more often from now on!,|,
Just tried this place for the first time and loved it! Had the Kashmiri roll which was fantastic. My friends ordered food which all looked good too. When you ask them to make it spicy, they actually do which I appreciated. Everything on the menu looked really good so I have no idea how i'll decide what to get next!,|,
This Hotel is amazing. I came for a work conference. The rooms are everything you want and and very clean. The pool is wonderful perfect for the family. One of the coolest parts was the mirror in the bathroom has its own tv in the center the food is a little on the higher side for cost. However 5 minutes away there are a wide variety of places to eat. Would highly recommend.,|,
Fantastic selection, beautifully presented, interesting exhibitions.  This is one of the finest poster galleries in the world.  The proprietor, Jim, is supremely knowledgeable, and knows his enormous inventory cover to cover.  The posters are extremely well curated, and very fairly priced.  They have never steered me wrong as I build my collection.,|,
Worst pizza experience I've had in a long time. Two pizzas showed up, not one slice was cut through and there was practically no sauce on the pizza. Also the crust was shaped like they were going to make a stuffed crust pizza (which I hate). I should've called papa Johns,|,
great atmosphere, a little less the service!  the tacos not bad,|,
Brigham's is a great classic New England ice cream joint which hasn't changed much since my youth. My delicious sundae was simple and tasty, and the decor is just right for those of us that remember the 1960s.  Sure, Ben and Jerry's is delicious and more modern. But Brigham's remains a special place where my great grandparents would go. And so will I.,|,
I only give this a two star because it used to be a 5 and now it's a 0! They changed their quality of meats and the food is disgusting, my favorite was their general tso chicken, last 2 times I have gone no joke I swear it's not chicken... and I really don't wish for anyone to find out what it really is!,|,
Meh. Just meh. Their rice is pretty bland and the egg rolls taste funky. If you want some quality Chinese takeout go a few blocks down the road to Chin Chin. Pretty disappointing.,|,
Obsessed with this place!! The Pamloma margarita was amazing and I am not a big tequila drinker but it was so good!! Hider served us and he was as nice as can be. We came with a group of 45, sat outside, and had the best time!!,|,
Extremely long delivery times consistently and incomplete orders and lack of concern ! Not planning to order again,|,
I LOVE this place. The owner is the sweetest gentleman, and makes sure everything you order is exactly how you ordered it. My coffee was fantastic. The whole experience was made that much better just by seeing the owner's smile light up the room. Would HIGHLY recommend,|,
Great place for the price! Great for large groups and great for one-on-one sushi too. Cheap place but not cheap atmosphere or food. A+ highly recommend!,|,
I love Uchi and Uchiko ( I mean how could you not). But here is a tip to those that are worried about the cost: check out Sake Social Hour! It is a great way to try a variety of menu items on a budget. Sake Social is daily from 5 to 6:30. There are $6 and $3 food options and sake for $3.,|,
AWFUL. Was trying to support local business so did not read reviews. Livid with how ruined my clothes turned out. Was visiting from out of town so can't even go back to get shunned away by the grouchy old woman. TAKE YOUR CLOTHES ELSEWHERE!,|,
Fish and Chips.  I love fish and chips. There are a number of establishments that feature this item, and many are quite good. None, however are in the same league as the fish and chips at The Pub. The portion size was huge - easily enough to share - (although I didn't) the fish had a wonder flavor that was firm and hot. The batter coating was sensational. Golden, crispy and lightly seasoned. Great beer selection, great prices, The Pub is now first on my list.,|,
All the hype about this place is TRUE!!!!  I won't belabor this review since all the other 500 plus 5 star reviews are right on.  I would rank this in the top 5 of my all-time favorite meals.  One tip, from 5 to 6:30 they have a lot of their items on their menu for either $3 or $6 which is unheard of for the quality of food that you get. My wife and I had 14 dishes with a glass of wine for $150 dollars.,|,
One of my goto places for Ramen in Austin. The broth may not be filled with flavor but after adding some of their hot and soya sauce on the table, it does taste good. I love the Wonton Chicken Ramen which has nice dumplings in it.,|,
Visiting Orlando we found this place on yelp. Had a craving for wings being from Buffalo I have to say they were very very good the mahi-mahi appetizer was excellent,  two-for-one drinks,  final word,  recommend this place great if you're in the mood for a good All-American meal.,|,
This place was amazing! It was extremely busy but we got our food in less than 10 minutes and probably was the best burger and fries I've ever had...ordered more fries and they brought them out before I even sat back down. Also the best customer service I've experienced. Will come back every time I go to Portland!!,|,
You've prolly heard, there is a duck parade here.. go check it out..  Great convention space.  There are 2 towers of for hotel rooms. Get into the new tower. Its nicer. There is bar with a patio , sorta overlooking the pool.. the patio is a good place to smoke a cigar..  I can;t remember a thing about the food..  I do remember having a cigar every night there for 5 nights and the service was attentive and professional..,|,
Great donuts,and given that I lived in PDX for decades they were what I expected, tasty uniquely weird in a good way. What I didn't expect was that the place was FILTHY, the tables, garbage to the rim, means bathroom had more liquid on the floor....than the sink could generate. The last most Disappointing thing is that there were no less than two panhandlers that hit us up in the store itself, not out front right inside.,|,
Slow, slow and slower on service.  love their food.  The titantic roll is awesome.  Service has to improve,|,
Been do'in Richi's for years.  Best cart on the west coast.  Fresh, delicious, well prepared food.  The cabeza anything rocks.  And reasonable.,|,
Okay place, Terrible wait time.  Good atmosphere, decent food.  I don't understand a Saturday brunch menu until 3pm.  I won't be back,|,
I've been here 3 times and have never had a good experience. Over-rated expensive cocktails and awful service. I've never had a ruder welcome (if you can call it that) to an establishment. When I complained to the manager he told me it wasn't his problem. Actually it kind of is. Hit up keefer bar or the diamond if you want real cocktails.   Smell ya later juniper!,|,
Surprise happiness. Funky and interesting neighborhood. Plenty of street parking. Good vibe inside. Very tasty coffee drinks and friendly, warm, accommodating staffers. The food looks great, though I didn't try it yet. I'll be back!,|,
I had pretty much ruled out Chinese food because it's always so disappointing. I went to Lucky Bistro last night with my family and we were all blown away, might be the best Chinese food I have EVER had. We will definitely be going back.,|,
This place is just amazing! We came around noontime and they said they were sold out. The owner was kind enough to get more ingredients to make five pho bowls just for us!! We had chicken pho and the noodle and broth was delicious and very fresh!,|,
This is my once a week go to. Love this place! My friend ordered level 20 today, and her nose is still running. When they say Ultra Spicy, they mean Ultra Spicy!,|,
Do I really need to told how good everything is and great it is going to taste? Well OK, then it really should be good. But it isn't! My overpriced burger came extremely undercooked. One bite and I see blood red meat. Yuck! I can't imagine why people stand in line for this place.,|,
Good hearty menu, good variety, big ass martinis, nice servers, good sweet potato fries, baked potato salad yum, good Reuben, awesome chicken pot pie, amazingly delicious grouper sandwich.,|,
Great food and good experience. Worthy of trying more times and first time for everyone! Beautiful plated flood and tasted great!,|,
A very nice, clean restaurant with great service.  Bottomless steak fries and root beer floats are a plus.  The burgers I found a bit lacking.  My tavern double tasted like something I could have gotten across the street at Burger King for a dollar or two.,|,
Dj was great. I think he was trying to charge for requests but he gave in. I liked my experience though. I give it a chance a 4/5,|,
Checked out Snooze this morning for some brunch with the wife having no idea what it was about. After waiting a modest 20 min we were sat and the fun began. Our server, Gloria, gave us the best service I've experienced in some time. By far made the visit over the top. The food was amazing as well. Will definitely be going back!,|,
Great little hole in the wall. Not well known except maybe for the locals. Great prices, service and large portions. Roast lamb is my favourite here.,|,
they are not open until 11 on mondays. fyi, you wont get a smoothie. go to danes dessert cafe, they are open.,|,
Best sliced brisket you'll ever eat!! Order the sliced brisket sandwich and you will not be disappointed!,|,
So, here I am at this really great pizza place, and I order a burger. Me the pizzaholic. Go figure. But I needed a burger really badly. I ask the waiter if the burgers are any good, and he does not hesitate. "absolutely". Will you cook it medium rare? "sure will". Burger it is, then. The rest is history. That was one perfectly cooked, amazing burger. The only problem is that I love Uno's pizza. Deciding what to have next time I come here will not be easy.,|,
They have a great butcher with excellent cuts of meat, a decent seafood section, and a bread slicer they'll use if you ask them to slice the Iggy's bread in the bakery department.   It doesn't have everything I need, but those three bonuses above make me like this better than the huge Stop & Shop I used when living in Brookline Village. Not a fan of the customer service desk, but the employees on the floor are very nice & helpful.,|,
I found this restaurant on Yelp. It was a beautiful night and we sat on the patio and enjoyed the view of Lake Dora. We could hear a bagpiper playing on the dock.  I had pork loin over lobster Mashed potatoes which was awesome. My husband ordered sea food paella which he really enjoyed. For dessert we shared the Key Lime cake which we got free for "checking in".It was a great meal and we would come back.,|,
Third time I have been to TEN - the service has been great and attentive. The food is straightforward and satisfying. So far everything i have ordered as been good. Had a great lunch on the patio Saturday, and our server, Adam, was phenomenal. The pasta special was great, and I would order it again. The indoor space is challenging, given the configuration, but I think that it is workable and the servers help make dining there a pleasant experience.,|,
A restaurant, dedicated to grilled cheese.  Nothing about this sounds bad to me!  The WIN however is the fact that they have an AMAZING Tomato Basil soup that is ALWAYS on the menu. YUM.  I tried it on Saturday with a friend who was in town, and we loved it.  Hidden surprise was their milkshakes.  Liked it so much my boss and I went back on Tuesday cause she'd heard about it, and I was more than willing to chauffeur!,|,
Have been coming here for years and love the food! It doesn't get any more authentic than this Cuban food. Great sangria, toasted Cuban bread, empanadas, chicken and rice...so delicious! Be careful if you order the chicken and rice, as it does have pieces of bone in it.,|,
Awesome fries! Crispy, hot, salty, and delicious. Make sure to get at least a couple sauces--we got the cheddar, garlic, and mustard and couldn't decide which we liked best; they were all delicious!  The sandwich we tried (chicken satay pita) was fine but nothing to write home about. The fries are where it's at! Next time I want to try their beer floats... :),|,
This review is only for the late night happy hour.  The price is reasonable... $7 for fried mac and cheese, bbq pork sandwich with chips... although, that night they had run out of the bbq pork and offered the bbq brisket instead. The brisket was tough and the sauce was too sweet for my taste. Also, the chips were actually French fries... not regular chips... although they have both on their menu... so that was confusing.  Service for a big group was sub par.,|,
This place definitely has a chain feel. It's so very average. The food is pretty bland but the portions are gargantuan! Oh my gosh! I have 3 meals from my pasta dish. I'll come home and throw some spices on it to help it out a bit.  Great beer selection but it doesn't make up for the poor food.,|,
No too bad. Service was quick and courteous. The food is flavourful. Will come back to try other things.,|,
Delicious!  Beautiful spot!  Service was great!  Food was better than delicious!  I think this may be a regular stop for me in my new neighborhood!,|,
Great cafe. The staff that work here are so nice and each dish is prepared with love.,|,
DO NOT ORDER CURBSIDE HERE.   First, there are cars PARKED in the curbside spots. No one in their car waiting to grab their order.  Second, waited 20 minutes for food. We ordered nachos and by the time we got them the guacamole was brown. Also the nachos were super skimpy with barely any toppings.  Do yourself a favor and walk over to Chick fil a. Better service and you get better food for your money.  Red Robin used to be good, for a chain restaurant. What happened?,|,
I fancy myself somewhat of a wing snob and had been told it would be worth overlooking the shabby interior to  try the baked wings at Jacks. They were actually pretty good. We tried several different flavors and I liked em all. Every night they have different drink and shot specials so you can get your drink on without depleting all the jingle in your pocket. The pizza is the same as when this place was Johny's so if you like Johny's pizza, have at it.,|,
Damar, the store Manager, is wonderful to work with. He goes above and beyond to ensure your experience is great. He communicated with me very frequently during the rental process for my wedding and made the process accurate, smooth, and free of issues.,|,
Dinesty opened about a week ago, ambiance is simply beautiful inside.  What's even better is their food was absolutely deeeelicious!  Price are very reasonable.  But the main reason is to come and eat this! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/dinesty-on-robson-vancouver?select=qGyEqXD6uhsMyFHAtRMHqg#-4c8pxdpqEwAPnRxwwxCRQ  You must come and eat here!,|,
Wanted to try this place for over a year. Finally made the time to come to North Portland. I so wished I would have come sooner. We loved it!  My daughter loves the French toast and the virgin coconut mojito!,|,
Friendly staff and good food.  If you are looking for a quick bite, this is a good option.,|,
Mediocre at best. If looking for exceptional food - avoid!  Sauteed veggies. Some fresh, some from a jar (soggy, bitter tasting and flavorless peppers) on top of a waffle.   The pictures are deceiving.  Scarce , boring favors. Even the bacon could not save this one. You can do better at home. Yes you!,|,
We went on a whim becuase there was a Groupon Now deal.  What a waste of a meal! The dishes were flavorless and not very original. My Veggie pizza was dry and bland. Roast beef sandwich was uninspiring. Would not go back, especially with the plethora of great restuarants in this area.,|,
Pizza was very good but a bit over cooked. Nachos not so much. Loud atmosphere geared to a younger crowd. Was very pleasant though after an evening in hot Fenway.,|,
I'm so glad I stumbled upon this store before turning to Micheal's. Their collection of rubber stamps is amazing. You have a choice of  there different TYPES of ink pads, paint brushes for just about any type of art project, and paper galore.  You cant beat the customer service.  The best part is, I'm only 4 blocks away. ;-),|,
Food good...upper east side drink delicious nice atmosphere. ..uuumm but keep the music going during the band taking a break...,|,
E. Boston - Good food & service. Just don't like the parking & waiting 20+ minutes when visiting.  Compared to the new Peabody one - think I like it.  Peabody has parking, clean, didnt wait & the food was amazing. The waitress was AWESOME!!!,|,
It's super tasty!!! I loved the empanadas and lomito. But beware of the prices they charge for everything even a side olive oil. Coke was 4 dollars for a can, this place has theme park prices ridiculous.,|,
Can you see in the dark?  Yes ? Well, you should eat here.  If you get there before dark, you could read the menu and order up something good.  Like the polenta fries or the chicken saltimbucca. We wanted a little dessert but could not see the menu.  Our waiter told us about them, but, if want to LOOK at the selections.  I might would go back for a really early dinner or lunch.,|,
This review is for jewelry repair only.  I was really impressed with Long's. They have a jeweler on staff so repairs and fittings are very quick - and surprisingly inexpensive! The first go-around to resize my ring didn't get the right fit. Long's happily took it in again and fixed it at no cost (without me asking).   My only qualm with this place is that it doesn't open until 9:30AM - which stinks with the work day. But, I guess, who really buys diamonds before breakfast??,|,
I went here last week for a team lunch.  I had the "Dazed and Confused" pizza just because I wanted to try something different.  It's not on their regular menu, but it came with goat cheese, pecans, red onions, roasted brussel sprouts, dates and some other stuff.    Dates and brussel sprouts on a pizza doesn't sound great, but it worked and was delicious.  I'll definitely be coming here again.,|,
Still some of the best Indian food we've ever had. We used to come here when we lived in Austin and every time we come back to visit we make sure to eat here. Still consistently some of the best Indian we've had across three continents and easily some of the best prices we've had as well. Wish we could take them with us!!!,|,
I love the Vegan Nom! Their tacos and sauces are so flavorful and unique. We also tried the quesadilla and it was to die for. A really perfect vegan breakfast or lunch. I just wish they were closer to where we live in North Austin... or better yet, in a real brick and mortar store!,|,
Pretty tasty burgers with good options and drinks, but the typically endless line is what kills hopdoddys for me. I don't think it is worth the wait, but still good food. If you are a local check it out when it's not busy.,|,
Tri Tip sandwiches are the specialty and they DO NOT DISSAPOINT. Huge amount of steak with onions on a fresh hard roll. Small updated bar area with good happy hour and specials during Blazers games and weekends.,|,
Oh, man! I got to try Voodoo Doughnut for the first time, and it blew my mind! From hearing Tool as soon as I walked through the door to watching a procession of beautiful, quirky snacks spinning behind glass, all the way to my first bite into the raspberry cream filled Voodoo Doll, I was and am in love. Definitely going back soon!,|,
I live in Rhode Island and went down for Halloween in salem and this place was absolutely amazing I had a great server the margaritas were excellent and the food was even better. Since coming back home to RI I have been craving the Pastor chimichanga I may go back to Salem just for the howling wolf,|,
When I came in it looked like a really nice place but one I night when I was going to bed I found a cockroach crawl across the room,|,
I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered the prime rib which was excellent and my husband enjoyed the signature plate chicken and ribs. The server was very attentive.,|,
Got the meatball and "eat your veggies." Loved both, but especially the meatball one!,|,
I called in A PIZZA for pick up well over an hour ago. It is all kinds of crazy that my fiancé is still sitting outside the establishment (because despite serving food, the place is filled with cigarette smoke) waiting for a pizza.,|,
Fried. Cheap tasting. Very disappointed for the price. Sorry, Koy.,|,
Went there last night around 6:30. Greeted at the door and were sat promptly. Took the recommendation of our server and ordered the margarita. Our drinks, food (meatloaf w/ mashed + collard greens w/bacon bits) were delivered promptly. Service was excellent, not overbearing, not gone and never to return, just right place at the right time. This first timer was very happy with the overall experience.  Will go there again !,|,
Great food. The pizza is phenomenal. Delivery is very fast. They are also inexpensive. Definitely will order from here a lot more!! So glad I saw the advertisement on their delivery van one day and decided to order from them.,|,
I'm speech less about this place! So good! just be ready to wait for a table or I should write be ready to sit at the community table with other people but I'm telling you its worth it!!! The food is excellent! every dish than they brought was better and better! The staff very friendly and charming! Love this place! I can't wait to go back!,|,
Wish I could agree with the fellow yelpers on this one but there door and yelp page have them open till 4:30 but they had an employee standing guard at the door telling people they are closed at 3:45,|,
We just ate an amazing meal at this restaurant. It's menu is sort of similar to Rumi's kitchen and Zaffron, but the taste and flavors are different. The service was excellent, and we will definitely be back! PS. I just read the other reviews, and yes, the parking attendant was super nice as well!,|,
The kid's menu pizza is a great value and you can't argue with a playground to keep them entertained. The best part of the meal was our service. Rylee greeted us with a smile, seated us immediately and then proceeded to provide excellent service.  Thank you Rylee!,|,
Good and bad.. walked in and no one was around. Then kindly greeted by one of the nail techs, she barely spoke English and was hard to understand but very nice. She cut my nails too short without asking and overall did an okay job but her attitude made up for it. Although she was nice, I don't think I'll be back.,|,
This restaurant is in a great little spot and they have excellent food! I got the shrimp teriyaki for lunch and it was heavenly! The teriyaki had the perfect spice to it and the prices were spot on as well. I can't wait I go back with my husband!,|,
How can you complain when Allie and manager Nicole are watching the kitchen and jumping right in when the backed-up cook staff got slammed and our meal got delayed? Awesome customer service! Five stars for making two hungry guys happy.  Edit: Forgot to mention: Pork Two Ways--crispy pork belly and juicy pork tenderloin, cooked just the way I like it. Fresh veggies layered on hot jasmine rice with a savory dressing. Fantastic. First time trying Peanut Butter Thing--lived up to its billing.,|,
I have found my favorite Chinese!!!  All of their food is so flavorful with fresh vegetables and delicious rice!! Dining in or carry out are great experiences!  I usually order chicken and broccoli ( boring, I know) but im always soooo happy with my choice!  Everyone we have taken there has always loved their dishes.  They are really big portions, with is good for family style or eating leftovers for a few days,|,
I loved this place we went here in may it was so nice, clean, all your amenities are close by no need to drive there's rester aunts right in the Disney resort, the rooms were very clean and free wi fi in the rooms, no charges it was a great stay I love Florida !!!,|,
Why haven't I been here before?? Amazing happy hour menu, super friendly service, delicious cheap margaritas, great vibe.. pretty much all you can ask for. I'm excited to go back and sit outside and people watch. Love all of the vegan options too - would love even a vegan cheese sauce please!,|,
Love this chain and this location in particular.  The multiple soups and extra-long salad bar are great.  I always try 4 or 5 of the soups on each visit.  The staff is friendly and the place is usually spotless, although their sanitation suffers a tad during busy peak times.,|,
Fresh ingredients, crispy, light crust. Loved it. The flatbreads are good too.,|,
Just went to tight tacos and WOW it's melt in your mouth good!!!! Couldn't even leave the parking lot before inhaling my carnitas. Best tortillas I've had in a long time. Great service and vibes! I think I found my new spot!!!!!!,|,
Love this cozy, busy spot.  Got in at a sweet spot time between late afternoon/early dinner with no res after a massage down the street and am so glad I was able to snag a spot at the bar.  Soft shell crabs were perfection.  Sparkling rose a perfect pairing.  Done and done.,|,
I stopped by for the cheese cake based on a friend's recommendation and I was very impressed. The cheese cake was awesome with a drizzle of raspberries sauce over it. I can easily pass on my friend's recommendation. If you want a great cheese cake (one of the best in Portland), GO to Bugattis. My waitress name was Anne, ask for her as well. She provided great service with a wonderful attitude.!,|,
Excellent place to eat Brasilian food.  They have a great variety of food, steak, chicken, rice and beans, sandwiches, coffee, juices and an amazing bakery.  You have to try the brasilian Ham, egg  and cheese sandwich.  I live about an hour away but go here as often as I can when I am near Orlando.,|,
Poor and slow service. They were out of several items on the menu. They overcharged us for an item by 50%! Food quality not great. My last time in the restaurant!,|,
Terrible teenage chefs over cook not-so-fresh seafood. Service was lackluster at best. Pain to get to as you will be frisked by homeland security. I had better food at a Red Lobster - now that's just sad isn't it,|,
We got in here by chance, and it was a truly magnificent experience. We were doubtful of the 'Asian fusion', but this, now looking back, silly thought was instantly banished from us. Everything was so flavorful and delicious, the fusion enhanced every aspect of what was already well-made, fresh ingredients. The Mapo Tofu is by far our favorite, with a slight hint of spice, the tofu exploded with flavor upon being chewed, it's aftertaste lingering in your mouth, making you crave for more.,|,
Although the burgers are a little on the small side. I honestly have nothing bad to say about this place. Everything on the menu that I've tired from the Chorizo burger (which is my favorite) to the Patron XO Shake has been extraordinary. The servers and hostess are surprisingly very friendly. If you have the opportunity to check out this "burger boutique" ask for LaLa she will take great care of you.,|,
Nice little hotel.  Rooms kind of on the small side, but well taken care of and clean.  Desk staff was helpful and kind.  Great free breakfast and a really nice surprise of free dinners with beer and wine.  Overall, I was very happy with my stay here.,|,
We've been back a couple times since I wrote my first review.  The dinner service is much better than the lunch was.  Maybe I just caught them on the wrong day.  Anyway, four stars for the dinner shift.,|,
Amazing spaghetti and meatballs.  Best Italian restaurant in pdx.,|,
Before a movie at the Academy Theater, we stopped and had a sampler- only $5, a really well priced buzz. All of the beers I tried were unique and delicious. The bartender was nice, but  the place seemed dark and sparse, kind of thrown together at the last minute. Perhaps there will be good things yet to come from this place in the future.,|,
The service was subpar but they had a great beer selection and the loaded tots were great.,|,
Love this Bar! It's basically what you would dream of doing with your own house if you could. Ha Ha. Very low key, relaxed with a very cool unpretentious crowd. Ping Pong table outside is a winner!,|,
Stayed here multiple times for baseball. Clean, friendly and across street with multiple options to eat.,|,
We may have gotten sick after eating here. The only thing we shared all night was dinner at this place. After eating, came right home, and the two of us fell sick in a few hours.  The owner asked us to remove this review and also offered a refund, but we felt it was more important to leave an honest review.,|,
My boyfriend finally convinced me to stop being superficial and try this place out; I can't thank him enough. I recommend this place to everyone and have throughly enjoyed myself every, single, time.,|,
I've made a decision. That decision is that I am bearish on eating at the restaurant, and bullish on takeout. We have done delivery from Haru a half dozen or so times now, and we love it. The food IS good, I just thought the space and the service was sort of lacking. Now we just have Haru come to us, and it is a much much better experience.,|,
Gross. They charge over $9 for a taco meal (2 shitty tacos and refried beans with rice) and a large drink and the annoyed employee working the counter said she "couldn't give me a refill" i should have just gone to a different chain in the airport. Sorry i spent money at this pathetic establishment,|,
This is the best hair salon I have been to in a long time. My hair looks amazing , I called this morning freaking out to get my hair done before my wedding Monday. They sure blew my mind away!!!! I look amazing!!! Thanks Tasia!!!!,|,
This location is a bit small and very busy on the weekend. The double baked almond croissant was amazing!!! I waited 20mins for it to come out fresh from the oven. :))  Tried their crispy chocolate raspberry cake.  Its smooth and not too sweet or bitter!  They also have a variety of chocolates, pastries, cakes and savories!  The gift boxes looks nice n'fancy!  Staff was nice!,|,
Called to make an appointment. The receptionist (guy) was polite enough. Definitely sounds like he's capable of being a douche bag but he was informative. I can't wait to go get my tat on Saturday.  I will update my review after I get my tat.,|,
A really beautiful labor of love.  It reminds me of portland in the late 90's. Great owner hosting interesting shows and the place has character up the yin yang.  A fun place to both see and play a show!  Never had the food but it does have a small meñu.  Just vocals through the pa generally in which the owner has run the sound when i've been there.,|,
This place is a so-so. The service is ok. We got a vegetarian pho bowl and got a bowl with just noodles. This was the second time we went. The first time we went, we got the same thing and it came with a few veggies. Keep in mind that that's literally the price as a bowl of pho with beef. Also, we ordered a cup of iced tea, and got a cup of lemon flavoured water. There was not much flavour, and it definitely didn't taste like iced tea. So I guess it depends when you go.,|,
The fries here are okay. I wasn't a huge fan of Pommes Frites or Belgian style fries, I didn't think there was much difference between them or regular french fries. The 'saus'es are cleverly named but the Vampire slayer was okay and I didn't much get much of anything besides just the creamy texture. It seems like they're trying really hard to be this dive-ish, hipster-y kind of place but the fries are kind of forgettable.,|,
I just got back from the best facial ever. Thanks Coco! Lovely Spa is clean and affordable, I highly recommend!,|,
Updating: a couple of years later, happy to say the shop has grown beautifully, filling out its yarn offering to cover all the bases, and supplementing their yarn and patterns with perfectly in tune accessories and non-knitting grace notes like the most delicious smelling candles and embroidery kits to make you want to add a new craft to your repertoire. Now one of my indispensable shops.,|,
Good beer selection, relaxed atmosphere, outdoor seating - there's no reason our visit couldn't have been the reason for a five-star review.  Except for one:  a bartender who barely acknowledges customers and just generally seems to hate the job.  Here's a hint:  if you don't like interacting with people, don't go into a service job.  We won't be back unless we see someone more welcoming behind the bar.,|,
Best described as Very Nice!!!  The Pub  Burger was fantastic. Cooked perfectly, and had that great grilled flavor. The truffle fries were just ok with me. I prefer seasoned steak fries in canola oil. Also the lobster taco's were just ok. Our server Adam was the best. All in all a great restaurant. We will be back.,|,
Customized pasta is $8, and a glass of house wine is $4. This is the best deal ever in Kits! Generous portion in terms of ingredients and the cheese is freshly grated too! There are so many choices in terms of sauces, pasta type, veggies, meats, cheese and herbs you can choose from, I would definitely swing by for a great tasty high carb meal if I was in the area. 1 order can serve me 1 dinner portion and 2 lunches to pack to work!!,|,
All in all, not bad, but for my personal taste, this won't be a restaurant I would say Yum I must go back.  Again it is more of a personal taste.  However, the Spicy pot idea is a good alternative to the usual dishes.  Staffs are friendly and filled with young customers.  When I goto Sichuan restaurant I must try dry fried chicken.  Mala made it too sweet, but loaded with pepper and in general more chicken than my usual Sichuan restaurant.,|,
Out of Business in Oregon due to franchise going bankrupt.,|,
This is the place in Columbus to pick apples. The bags that you pay for when you first enter the orchard are reasonable. My mom got a 20 lb bag and got well over 50 apples in it. You definitely have to stop in at the market to get a variety of veggies, apple cider, jams, etc to take home.,|,
I really wanted to like this place after reading the reviews. I got the combination plate to taste a bit of everything, but it failed miserably.   Forget what you heard, definitely pass on this.,|,
Good sea food. They have amazing melt-in-mouth scallion pancakes. We loved their spicy dishes. I wish the staff was more friendly.,|,
Amazing. Lavender latte - such a treat. Love this place for lunch or brunch!,|,
Went in to check for vegan options. No crepes available for me. All have eggs and dairy in them. But they do gluten free.,|,
The ghost burger was awesome. Best use of ghost pepper in a sauce that I have ever had. I love flavorful hot sauces!!,|,
I had a wonderful vegan treat here, it was a slice of blackberry cheesecake and it took longer to decide what I was going to have (they have a wide range of vegan and organic deserts and savory treats to take or eat at their mini cafe) than to eat it!   The Daily Grind is nestled on the "other side" of SE Hawthorne, and it keeps it feeling like a hidden gem, but with such an amazing produce selection, and yummy home baked goodies I don't think that it'll be hidden too much longer.,|,
One of my favourite places to grab a bite in Coquitlam! They have great service and amazing quality food. Their pad Thai with chicken is so delicious. Nice big servings and every bit is better than the last! Be sure to make a reservation if you're going with a bigger group. My family had a table of 7 and we were very thankful we reserved a table, because it's a small restaurant and it fills up very fast!,|,
Excellent bouillabaisse , huge salads, light healthy fare in addition to their famous chicken and waffles.  Wide choice of options.  Friendly staff.,|,
We stopped here for drinks just because it "looked cute" and I'm so happy we did!  They make their own tequila and make everything we fresh squeezed juices.   Omg!   I have no clue how the food is but these drinks are unbelievable!!  The marg was deeeelish and the red sonya tastes like a spicy pink lemonade.  Sooooo good!!   Our waitress Teagan was absolutely amazing!!!,|,
At first bite I was angry because I didn't understand why all other sandwiches I'd eaten in my life didn't taste as good as this one.,|,
Let it be known that I had never had poutine before this. But good Lord this was incredible. To my knowledge poutine was hearty and stick to your ribs typefyi food. Once I saw the words "vegetarian gravy" I was concerned. But we went for it and holy crap it's amazing. This was the perfect balance of salty, savory, and hearty. Love it. Simply love it.,|,
Too over priced. Small pizza that was 4 pieces was 13 dollars it was too muck did not even fill me up. Food was good tough.,|,
Taste & presentation were very nice. Cost on pricey side. Biggest downside is the lack of parking. This is a place for those walking, using taxis or public transportation. We'd go back (been twice now), however the parking situation is user-hostile for those coming into the city for an evening, even midweek.,|,
Great option in the hood, especially later at night. I stop in if I'm on my way home after a few drinks. I'm not vegetarian but love their stuff (all vegetarian or can be made vegan)- the Blair Stanley is my current favourite. Cheap, cheerful and satisfying. I usually add hot sauce at home though, the hot option is not that hot FYI.,|,
I called to order a pizza for delivery and they just said no.  They were backed up.   Good for them but I had the time to wait and they wouldn't do it.  Bummer.,|,
Place looked/smelled great.  I'm certain the food is delicious.   Unfortunately, despite the open tables, they wanted to sit me at the communal table, squeezed in the middle  tightly amongst 5 other people. This doesn't work for me.  I would have understood if there were not so many tables open.  I declined/departed and am now having a delightful lunch elsewhere.  Plenty of place from which to choose fortunately.,|,
Chicken was raw. Brisket was dry and tough. Staff had no remedy. With so many food choices in richmond.  Don't waste your time.,|,
We, two people,  had $30 worth of appes and drinks in the lounge section because of the beautiful ambiance.  Service was slow, and the appies (the food) was  not worth it.  Really overpriced, imo. Food portions were tiny, to us. Had to buy more appies, as we were hungry.  Got the impression that the servers were pushing us to buy alcohol.  One of us were a non-alco person.,|,
If you like Greek food, this is not the place to get it.  I'm sorry, Al.  It won't happen again.,|,
If you're a bakery, and I show up to your shop 30 minutes after you open and you have zero baked good...ZERO BAKED GOODS AT A BAKERY!! FOH!!,|,
I am never blown away by this place.  Food is always average, service is always meteocre, and prices depend on what you order.  I had a 6 oz (i believe) fillet steak, and it was good. I had quesadillas and they were terrible. This is what ive heard from everyone who i talk to- its ok. Great setting for families. The lounge area is nice,|,
Service was great, but food was a bit over-priced and I didn't really think it was worth it in the end. Glad I went this once but I don't anticipate returning.,|,
Absolutely horrible service from the hostess and we'll never come back.  After waiting for a while for a table, the hostess asked if we'd be willing to give our table to a group with a wheel chair.  Absolutely!  Who wouldn't?  Then we asked for a table by the window and were told that while there's nobody sitting there, they were saving that for groups of 6 (who wasn't there...and they didn't know would come).  Really?!?  Hire a hostess who's not a freaking idiot.,|,
This best our 1st rodeo here.   We just remembered to check it! Great Smokey dive bar.   Ask for Daniel in the evenings.  He makes great drinks!,|,
Gave them another shot and I regret it. Sns manicure was mediocre. The polish on my toes is why I will not return. The lady didn't paint my entire nail. When I said something she said I'm the professional I know what I'm doing. Obviously not if you let someone walk out with a pedicure looking like that. Horrible job on nails and even worse customer service. I will not return. This place is over priced for horrible work.,|,
I love going to Buenos Aires Cafe. It is a high-class casual spot with delicious food. If you love savory plates that are well thought out (rather than just pretty), then you will like this place.   And there's the wine list - long enough to have plenty to choose from, but not so ridiculously long that you feel overwhelmed.   Service is slow, but not in a "they are ignoring you way." Rather it is more like the relaxed atmosphere and slower pace that we should all be at while out to dinner.,|,
This is a dream come true!  I'm fresh to PDX so I've never seen anything like this.  You just take your bike and fix it yourself with volunteers helping you along the way.  Theres some bike wire parts in good shape that you can use for no extra charge.  The tools are all included.  Its only $5/hr or $20/month!  I went not knowing how to fix or manage my own bike and left knowing much much more!,|,
WOW!!! This place has the best salted French macaroons I've ever had. (2.50) a piece. Their tiramisu was of strong coffee flavour and their chocolate eclair is fluffy yet loaded with chocolate flavour. This service is friendly therefore making my experience a 5/5 stars!,|,
Really cozy place and the person working was so nice. Not sure if he was the owner or not but either way he was nice!,|,
Just ordered a bunless burger and thought it was good.   Wasn't cooked to medium rare as I requested.  Cooked well done.  Didn't notice since it was ordered to go.   At least it wasn't dry.   Pricy since it was 10 bucks for just burger.   Really prefer fudruckers but better than MacDonald.,|,
I originally wanted to review and rage hell after watching them drop my dumplings into the pot 10mins AFTER I ordered, but decided to try the food first before dropping f bombs.   very decent (sui-gao - item #2?) boiled dumplings. if I can afford the wait, I would definitely come back to try a couple more things.,|,
We've made it a tradition to come here on Sundays. Dim Sum Sundays! Their food is delicious, and I love that the dim sum still comes out in carts. The staff is friendly and always has a smile on their face. My favorites are the Crystal Dumplings, Sui Mai, and the Chicken Knuckles....I can't wait for this coming Sunday!,|,
Finding this restaurant wasn't easy but I liked the food and loved the patio. I had the Chillies Rellano (sp) which were OK and my daughter had the Guacamole Salad, which turned out to be just an ice cream scoop of guac on a lettuce leaf. Prices seemed high for Mexican food - my entre was $15 for two chillies, some red cabbage, rice and small portion of refritos, the guacamole salad was $8.,|,
So much to see and experience. Give yourself plenty of time in the rooms and take advantage of the informative cards for each wall. These cards share insightful tidbits and provide a glimpse into Isabella Stewart Gardner's vision & life. Every visit brings new discoveries - so come back again and again.,|,
My son (8 yrs. old) hates getting his hair cut. Took him to Cookie Cutters for the first time today, upon walking out when finished he smiled and asked if we could go there every time. They make the kids comfortable while cutting their hair and after she was finished she asked my son if he wanted gel, he said yes, and she applied gel that smells like chocolate. We will be back!,|,
Love it here.  Best steak tips around! Food service wine cocktails atmosphere... New fav place to go!,|,
I didn't like the parking at night it was scary walking out alone no security or anything!! Also it smelled like urine out there the service could have been better two bartenders and 6 ppl up by the hostess stand and the manager was over there as well was not the worse experience but it needed work,|,
Fusion is a tricky thing. You either get it or you don't. This place gets it. But I would have loved it if they got it consistently. There are times when i am totally impressed by the food, and there are times when I struggle to eat my dish. And to test my theory I ordered the same dish a few times over a period of two months and proved to myself that i was right.  Very friendly staff, great tasting food at times and fairly priced.,|,
This street is close to downtown and is full of small old houses that have been renovated into bars, eateries, and other cool businesses.  I wish I had more time in Austin to bar hop here. There was this one bar that had their entire back wall behind the bar full of beers listed by the number. Very cool place to hang out and drink a few beers.,|,
I was so offended by the staff here. Is it not your job to help people pick out make-up? I tried asking someone about a product, she took me over to them and then just walked off like I was wasting her time. Seriously walk down the mall to the sephora counter in the department store. The girl there was friendly, helpful, and seemed like she genuinely wants to help customers find what they need. Don't waste your time in this store.,|,
I don't know why people say that Chinese food in is "so good" in San Francisco. Personally, it can not compare to Vancouver Chinese food.   My proof? Ningtu Restaurant.  Shanghi dumplings Chinese fried donuts Fresh soy milk...  There is so much more! Unfortunately, I am massively lacking in my Mandarin speaking skills, so I cannot tell you what to order. Make certain bring a family member or friend that speaks Chinese.   If you are an omnivore - you'll love this place.,|,
Wow. Best service I have ever had. Slight wait on our reservation so the waitress gave us cocktails and an app on the house. Devin our server was very attentive. Totally a must do in boulder.,|,
Came here for some Chinese breakfast because it's close to the airport. Their specialty is congee and it comes in a set with a side dish. It's not dim sum though, so don't come expecting that. When you search "dim sum" or "yum cha" in Yelp, this comes up, but it's not really.....,|,
Service was ho hum... It lacked any personal touch, kindness or suggestive selling. She even dropped off our check before I could order another drink and we were sitting in the bar/lounge area...,|,
Ask for Nancy! She's so sweet and gentle.. And gives the best gel manicures and pedicures!,|,
Been here several more times because they have great happy hour specials (in the bar area only). I found my niche -- soups, salads and flatbreads. All delicious, made with fresh ingredients. I've also discovered their cocktail list, which is straight out of 2002 (e.g., the "Flirtini"), BUT it's full of tasty treats that are fun to drink ala Sex and the City -- inexpensive at $5 each during happy hour.,|,
Best Sushi I've had anywhere in the Portland metro. In addition to their amazing dishes, they also serve beers from their neighbor business, Roscoe's (typically 20+ beers on tap). Always a great experience in terms of food, drink and service. Bonus that it's located in Montavilla neighborhood.,|,
Had their white chocolate raspberry pancake and it was just AMAZING!!!!! The place is always packed but the food is worth the wait. Highly recommend,|,
Perfect lunch spot. Perfect rotating craft/rare beer selection. Perfect selection of lessner known but high rated/reasonably priced wines. Red or white wines! New owner who extremely friendly and knows his beers and wines. Excellent chef and compliments the wine menu. Friendly, the best dog friendly as well, on Park Ave.,|,
Hello Everyone We are having a fabulous special this weekend: 1 whole Pollo combo, fries, and your choice of salad ( house, greek or caesar) with a 2 liter of Inka Kola. topped with a delicious crema volteada for only $32.00 ( includes tax) ....Get it while it last!  Have an awesome weekend and see you here to try the only PERUVIAN ROTISSERIE CHICKEN inTOWN!!!,|,
The Greek burger was delicious. The flavor combination was perfect... it had tzatziki sauce, pickled red onions, feta cheese, arugula, and cucumbers with the lamb meat. We also ordered the chili cheese fries. For 5 bucks, we got a huge bowl of thin cut fries with chili cheese on the side! They also have chipotle ketchup, horseradish mustard, and these very tasty pickles to accompany your burger.  The service was great and the restaurant's atmosphere was nice. I will definitely be back!,|,
Had the spicy tonkotsu...Lunch time was packed and had to get back to work so I got the to-go.   Ramen itself was one of the better ones I've had in Austin but...-3 stars for dishonesty on the waitress's part.  Noticed on my credit card bill that they felt like sneaking on a tip from themselves on my take out order...not cool! Not even worth trying to get it back...  If you do eat here watch your credit card bill!,|,
Went for lunch one day and was instantly greeted. Staff is really awesome, and they make sure you are good! I decided to try the half sandwich and soup. I wasn't really too big on the lobster bisque it really tasted like it came out of a can. My chicken salad sandwich was very tasty and the bread was freshly toasted. I chose to eat out on the balcony which looks over congress, or you can eat on the back balcony. The vibe here is super chill.,|,
Horrible.  The new menu is limited with many of best items gone.  No longer sourcing their meats from reputable local vendors.  Prices went up, portions down.  Had we gone any later the chicken i had would have been jerky. Never again.,|,
This place has the best $2 salsa verde and amazing and very inexpensive tacos in the eating area. Kind of like a South Austin secret.,|,
Great place and great customer service burgers are are always juicy  not much more I can ask for...great job guys,|,
Greetings,  A dozen birthday partiers recently attended Ben Bailey's late show. Nice selection of snacks, a good beer selection, and very attentive staff were highlights of the pre-function in the north bar. Blazers game was on the television.  Reserved seating provided a good look at the stage.  Warm-up acts were entertaining.  Headliner was really funny; lots of local humor, too.  Prices were reasonable.  Great evening for a date of group outing,  We will  be back!,|,
We stayed at the Hotel for one night. Very nice room, tap room, restaurant. The problem is they double charged me for the room. Even though I had the confirmation number and receipt. I had to go to my bank to get it taken care of.,|,
Go to Starbucks if you want a "decent" expresso, notice the quotes for decent, went inside thinking I could get a good expresso reminiscing Italy, but was served an awful expresso. Save yourself from the trouble and go somewhere else.,|,
As previously mentioned, Wok N Roll is cheap, so fast it's scary, and pretty damn good!  This is definitely not the "take your parents to dinner" place, but if you need some good, cheap food, Wok N Roll is your place.  A huge portion of chinese duck and rice for around 5 bucks? Count me in!,|,
Awesome food,  quick service, polite, very clean had the chicken enchiladas excellent. Tomato basil to die for.,|,
Don't bother with this place if you're a vegetarian. The only vegetarian  thing they have that could be an entree is spaghetti in tomato sauce. And forget about being able to share appetizers, those are also overwhelmingly vegetarian unfriendly.,|,
Insofar as this is a terrible bar, I furthermore assert that my friend shan't not have been exiled from their premises.,|,
I don't understand how you answer a business phone with "hulloh" then proceed to sound completely bored as the caller speaks to you.  I also don't understand how your hours state you're open until 9pm but you don't take late appointments.  I have a groupon that I'm honestly considering letting expire just for the unprofessionalism i encountered.,|,
I like the sandwiches and burgers here but the service has not been good. I've been here 5 times and 3 of the 5 times we've had to wait for more than 30 minutes. Their daily specials are good but they give like 4 or 5 fries instead of a full serving of fries. Seating is normal and not very crowded between 11:30AM and 1PM. If you have time to waste i would recommend this place.,|,
Where else can you enjoy a full dinner menu at half past eleven pm while enjoying the sounds and taste of my guilty pleasures playing in the back bar; Kesha, Gaga, Britney and of course, A warm pecan pie with a scoop of Vanilla Ice.   Fun crowd, great service, great food and a wonderful time in Boston.   A must: spaghetti and meatballs just how it should be. Soup of the day with fries. Truffled mashed with a piece of medium rare filet.,|,
Don't let the hype of Tokyo and Portland being the only locations get to your head. The ramen is good, not great, and nothing to make a special trip for. The pork in the tonkotsu is tender but too smoky. The noodles are good. The broth is okay, but there's not enough. With overall tastier ramen around the corner I see no reason to return to Marukin. Good cider on tap, though, and friendly service.,|,
been here a few times now, mostly for drinks, every time I've had great bartenders and even when they're busy, they are pretty good with getting to you in a timely manner.  food has even good too.. maybe typical tourist spot, but a good place to venture to if you're entertaining guest. (great view of the pier too.),|,
Great food and service. Beef Milanese and Duck Breast were outstanding. Baked Brie appetizer needed to bake a bit longer. Reasonably priced for what you get,|,
The beds at this location are decent.  Bulbs work, buttons work, no issues.  The people who work here are pleasant, friendly and remember me which I really appreciate.  If there is an issue, they make it right. Also, another appreciation is that they don't try to pressure me into buying lotions. I am allergic to them and have been told at other location that I won't tan as well if I don't use them.  Which is a load of BS. So, no pressure = happy customer.  Keep up the good work here, thank you!,|,
Loved my suit! I've gotten so many compliments for it...Kathryn Walsh helped me pick from the various options; she's very knowledge and helpful.  I ordered 4 shirts, and one was delivered and after confirmation of fit, the rest are being tailored. Once I get these I'll update my review along with additional details.,|,
After visiting for the 2nd time, I'm bringing this up to 4/5 stars. Our previous "not so great experience" was due to the service issues and NOT the food! Went again with a friend on a Saturday night last year, and we had a great time! Food is ALWAYS great & I recently just got take-out from there without any issues or complaints at all! Excellent tasting food with decent pricing & portions!  Thanks,|,
Their breakfast tacos are HUGE and only $1.95 per taco! I thought I had accidentally ordered a burrito when I first saw the chorizo, egg, and cheese taco I had ordered. The salsas are fresh made and delicious, as well!!  Also try the huevos rancheros, great choice! :),|,
A nice find, recommended by our Airbnb host. Friendly folks and great food!!! Danny was our server (lived in Redding too) he was great, friendly and made great suggestions!!! Ask for him!!! Amazing food!!! Great environment... don't let the exterior keep you away!!!,|,
OMG I just love this spa! Caroline is the owner and really knows her stuff. She turned me onto some wonderful organic products by Dr. Hauschka. I have to say my face has not looked this good since probably before puberty.  I also have had several hydrafacials and have loved the results. Leaves my face fresh and clean looking.  If you are looking for a place for overall improvement of your skin and new knowledge about what works best for you, then I highly recommend Bali Spa!,|,
It's simple: If you're looking for dynomite pole heels (read: the prettiest and most upscale selection of stripper heels), pole fitness outfits, or cute lingerie, this is the spot. Peiod. No "adult toys" sold here. No nonsense, just a soothing and well curated boutique.  Micah (sp?) the owner is particularly rad and familiar with this town so she's as good as giving "try this on" advice as life advice.  Get there!,|,
My best friend treated me here for breakfast for my Birthday and it was good. Be sure you try get the strawberry orange juice!!!!,|,
Not terrible but not great.   I only got the Mediterranean salad. The dressing was way to acidic (all lemon not much oil). And my salad had only one kalamata olive that still was not pitted. which was strange in number and that it had its pit, I thought.   Nice decor. Tabouli was pretty tasty.,|,
Best cappuccino in Portland, hands down.,|,
It's an classic style italian food. I like, you can't expect a super surprise nice meal, but you will also not being disappointed ! Good place to celebrate.,|,
Ice cream with alcohol in it!! What's not to love! I tried the ButterSCOTCH and loved it. So tasty! I would like to come back for the RUM Raisin. Dessert with a kick! Yummy! Also, the interior was has Adventures of Tin Tin comic and that's pretty cool too!,|,
Pizza hut is great in USA, its a different menu this prices are really cheap.,|,
Great luxury and friendly staff! I love the luxury setting and the comfort it allows you to splurge on! No other theater will ever do!,|,
Best cocktails. Didn't eat but the Irish coffees were the business. Love the decor and we were quickly greeted and served.,|,
I think I saw an advertisement of it, but may be not. Just remember oyster bar in Salem, than  find it on Yelp and It was really a place where I want to have Saturday lunch! I love oysters and it was a great deal of it, I tried different types there. And a main dishes was also big and tasty. A lot of people but it is easy to have a table for two.,|,
Chili's is one of my all time favorite places to go and it has been for years!! The avocado steak is the bomb too!!,|,
Just had my first Roxy's Grilled Cheese.  A-mazing!  Absolutely loved it, great idea & great food!,|,
Solid food truck. Little on the pricey side. Portions are nice and offer a selection of sauces.,|,
Good Thai curry, especially red with duck and yellow with pork. Tempura was cooked perfectly. The spider roll was delicious and desserts (coconut custard and sticky rice with mango) were amazing. Service was less than superb, but got the job done. Over all a great place.,|,
I thought this was one of the worst pizzas I've ever had. Too bready and saucy with very little cheese. The Caesar salad was fresh. For $14 I think the entire thing is overpriced. We pretty much all left our pizzas. I also noticed others who left most of their pizza. I could only eat one slice. So disappointed! :( I say eat elsewhere.,|,
This place is fantastic!!!!!!!!! I have been here a few times and its wonderful. Try the Nutella milkshake! And all the burgers are wonderful... Sweet potato fries too..,|,
A shop like this is a dangerous, dangerous thing to place on a university campus.  When finals roll around and the stress is high, a line of anxious students piles out the door in hopes of sweet sugar therapy.  My favorite remedy is simple: vanilla on vanilla.,|,
It was snowing and we were cold. We stumbled upon this wonderful restaurant. The food is delicious, especially the Thai Red Curry. The pho is also quite good and service was great. Overall, a wonderful meal. We will definitely come again.,|,
This was a great place to spend my Friday evening. Although the help seemed new and confused with most things, they were extremely nice. The food is priced extremely fairly, which evens out the price of beer ($6/each). I was a huge fan of the beer - I definitely recommend grabbing a cold one here.,|,
Best pedicure ever!  Tina is very good.  I did not have to wait and she took her time.,|,
Food was delicious, specifically the tagliatelle pasta dish. Service was excellent- our waitress, Missy, recommended a great bottle of wine to go with our meals. We live in the Benjamin and will definitely be back!,|,
this place is awesome.  if you know the deal, you'll bypass the stuff on the shelves and go to the back of the store where they have the home-cooked sweets and food.  go for those.  p.s. park in stop and shop parking lot for free and walk down tremont,|,
Very upscale - I took my mother here for lunch and was wowed by the decor, the renovations certainly spiffied the place up.   The food was very good - in large portions, but was not cheap.   Nice bar area, lots of flatscreens all around. All in all, I would probably come here again just for a beer and some bar food, not for a full meal.,|,
Love this place!  Great neighborhood sushi place.  The service is stellar, the owner makes this place.  I eat here a least once a week!,|,
I was super excited to try this place after seeing it on DDD. But the experience wasn't what I thought it would be. My ordered the titan. It was dry and very little seasoning on the gyro. I ordered a polish and an Italian beef. Polish was good. The Italian beef was also bland. Very disappointing in the food.,|,
The BEST and most AUTHENTIC Italian cuisine around!!! My FAVORITE SPOT!! My fiancé and I came here on our first date and the night was nothing less than perfect!! I would HIGHLY recommend coming here!,|,
Food was fantastic and service was quick. Yama was our chef in hibachi and he was great. Can't wait to comeback.,|,
This used to be a nice hookah lounge. However, I recently went and it was super GHETTO! The service was terrible also. I won't be back!,|,
The food may seem a little pricey for the pizza itself, but once you factor in the restaurant's ethos (pay and benefits for employees, quality sourced ingredients), it is worth it! They are also a pleasure to work with when catering for lunches or dinners. The 4 vegetable pizza was the favorite among our group, after that the 4 cheese. Plain, margarita and sausage and onion.  They also have sandwiches and salads, if you want to eat a bit lighter.,|,
Absolutely my favourite go to in Gastown. Everywhere else is nice for a short while, but the service and menu has always been consistent and optimal. Warm interior and really friendly service staff. Absolutely 10/5 stars. Seriously... Go in with a great attitude and an empty stomach and leave feeling like a superstar.,|,
I find Jillians to be tiresome.  Only go there if you appreciate the combination of the following things: A) Pool B) Bowling C) Arcade Games D) High School Age-Looking Waitresses wearing handkerchief sized skirts and tall black boots E) Bad food service F) Gigantic, cavernous, casino decor G) No windows H) Getting lost,|,
Incredibly good food, and incredibly good service.  We catered from here for a wedding celebration, and Christina and her staff exceeded our expectations.  I would highly recommend Me So Hungry for catered events.,|,
Awesome food and the people who work there are really friendly. You can eat inside at the small counter or you can order at the window. Either way it's speedy service and it's delicious.,|,
Very Japanese - closest to a real Japanese Izakaya so far. For a relatively authentic Japanese experience including the Japanese on the menu and on the walls, a great place. Service was friendly and responsive. Specials were excellent. I actually loved that they focused on a limited number of classics rather than being experimental and "off".   Casual and authentic. Highly recommend for anyone yearning for a traditional and comforting taste of normal Japan.,|,
While this new place does have some fairly decent food, it is over-priced.  You get some scoops of rice with a piece of your choice of cooked meat for about 7 dollars.  I could have easily made the dishes at home for cheaper.  The interior of the place seemed bare and cheap.  Basically, do not expect too much.  If you're looking for quick, easy, and fairly good Asian food, you've found you're next meal, but if you're looking for exquisite Asian cuisine....keep looking.,|,
As someone that has lived in Hawaii and Japan for a number of years, I have high standards for Japanese food and sushi. This is the best sushi and Japanese food I have had anywhere in Texas. The staff was great! They met or exceeded every expectation I had for a service staff. Great people.  My first visit was a birthday gift. Less than a month later, I took my wife again and plan on continuing to go and try all of the cuisine. This is a place I highly recommend to family and friends.,|,
My first time at bodega since the remodel. The bar moved to the other side of the room... If that tells you anything.  There is no better place for happy hour in this city. 4-8 M-F you get half priced drafts, $3 well liquor, and $2 off wine.  Or to mention that the food is off the chain, although a tad on the expensive side.,|,
I went in on a Sunday with Friends for drinks.  Unfortunately, the tall muscular bartender ignored me and my older friends for at least 10 minutes at the bar as we waived $20's in the air.  He wouldn't even acknowledge us as we watched young guys get free cups of water and ice.  Not a good way to run a business.  An older bartender at the end of the bar finally was nice enough to serve us.  My money will go elsewhere and I do have money unlike the 18 year olds which are drinking water for free.,|,
you can lost at this place... but they have everything for every room in your house - assembly and patience required ..,|,
Jared is a fabulous place to fill your every jewelry need. As soon as you walk in they approach you in a non-pushy manner; offering bottled water or cappucino.  They're willing to take the time to make sure that you are happy with what you buy.  We purchased the extended warranty and have been back a few times since to have our rings inspected and cleaned.  Every time, they have greeted us with that same hospitality that keeps us a loyal customer of Jared!,|,
I've been here before and they did an amazing job but today I went with a friend which called at the beginning of the week and they said they did walk ins on Saturday and Sunday cool right. We got there right at noon the guy at the desk told us to take a seat for a few minutes so we did come to find out they only had time 6 hrs later I don't think so :(  if your gonna do walk ins they should have an xtra person on to do that !!!!!,|,
This place is really good. They have original rolls that surprisingly arent based off California rolls! The service is great, the restaurant is clean and the food is great. I wasn't a fan of their soy sauce though. Had a weird taste..,|,
An overpriced poor excuse for a sandwich shop. I ate here once with a friend and it was ok, but nothing I would go out of my way for again. Bread was dry and burnt, there wasn't much cheese at all.   If you sign up for the newsletters to get "deals" you will be spammed with hateful, bigotry emails.,|,
First of all, this is a beer drinker's heaven, the beer selection is huge and quite impressive.  The food was very good too, just not a huge selection, hence why I only give it 4 stars.  It's basically just small plates, salads, sandwiches and a few other things.  The service was good, despite it being busy.  The food is priced fairly. Overall a very good experience, will be going again very soon.,|,
First had Gus's Fried Chicken in Memphis, Tennessee and I absolutely loved it. When the Austin location opened up, I ran straight there. Really, their fried chicken is amazing. So crispy, juicy, and busting with flavor. The only negative thing is that, (I'm not sure how b/c the Austin location was really good) but the original location in Memphis was a bit better. A bit more crunchier and juicier. But both locations were the bomb digity.,|,
I really enjoyed the food here. I was looking for just a really great burger and wings and Sidebar had it. I really liked the location too!,|,
Excellent place to be. Above all the service on the restaurant side is excellent. When I can risk the carb count the fried Chicken is the best I have had in Portland. the kickin boot burger is one of my favorites. I am an Iced tea snob and they do it right. the Cobb Salad is excellent. I am not much into BBQ food except on occasion and when I have had it here it was very good.,|,
They have gift certificates at the downtown costco where you save a nice percentage off your meal.,|,
It's not just a moto shop! The cafe is wonderful. So spacious and the people are so welcoming and inviting. The shop and the folks who work in it are not pretentious AAAAND the coffee is phenomenal, y'all. That can sometimes be hard to find in the coffee world. They know what's up. If you're looking for a great space to hang out and get an excellent cup of coffee or an espresso drink--even if you don't know a lick about motorcycles--go here.,|,
Great coffee and patio!  Friendly and knowledgable baristas (is that a unisex term?!).  It would be 5 stars, but they allow SMOKING on the patio and it's awful!  No, I would NOT like a side of poison air with my latte, thanks.   If they get rid of the smoking (and enforce it), I'll be a regular customer!  Until then, I'll probably get some fresh air at Dancing Goats.,|,
Admittedly, it has been a long time since I was here.  I don't like doing reviews like this, but I rode by tonight while in town and the same lady that worked the counter 10 years ago was there tonight.  This place made me love Tabouleh Salad.  The other items on the menu are very good too.    There are a few tables or you can take out.  They make everything for you while you wait, so it can be slow.  If you're in the Westerville area, this place is worth a stop.,|,
I have been thinking about the Hemp Milk Latte I had at Sunny Day's for weeks now. It was delightful and perfect! I've been drinking soy au laits and lattes for over 8 years  so I was very excited to try something different like Hemp milk.  The barista was very knowledgeable about coffee and the execution of each cup is definitely worth the wait.   Hands down one of my best coffee experiences,ever!,|,
This has become a go-to spot for my husband and I. We have loved everything we've had here. Pimento Cheese Dip, Loaded Chips, Southern Chicken BLT (with grilled chicken), Turkey Burger, Cuban, Meatball Sub, Paninis...ALL delicious.   Been for brunch a few times and recently learned they have bottomless mimosas and bloody's for $16. Definitely planning to visit for a long morning watching soccer and indulging :D,|,
I give this place 5 stars for the atmosphere and wonderful customer service. We also didn't have to wait very long for our food.  SN: This location has free parking and is located outside of Perimeter mall next to Urban Outfitters.,|,
Great service topped off this experience. The BEST lobster bisque I've ever had, and the lobster roll wasn't far behind. The first 5 star rating I've given, and it's well deserved! Next time I'm in the area I will definitely make it a point to return!,|,
Best campus cafe. Perhaps also the healthiest. The rating would be a 4 if I rated it as a restaurant, but this takes into consideration the fact that it is not.,|,
Great location Terrible service Waited 30+ min to give order Food avg. nothing special Chilaquiles were good though Would not return :(,|,
Best Moco Loco in town! Good food and prices. The owner is friendly and helpful. The food tastes fresh and not like it just rolled off of the Sysco truck.  I am looking to trying the rest of the menu soon.,|,
Best gluten free crust ever I have this pizza yummy!  Nobody can make delicious gluten free better than this,|,
Korean families seem to love to celebrate family gatherings here, including ours.  The prices and food are decent.  This location seems to host a lot of parties because they have some relatively well-priced banquet menus.,|,
This becoming a go to place for us. We enjoy the setting, which is off the beaten path to some extent. There is good street parking. The staff is friendly and efficient in a quiet way. The menu is unique. The wine list is short, but good. It is not for everyone.   We have done both breakfast and lunch and have enjoyed both. I am sure we will come again.,|,
Fantastic food, very vegetarian friendly. I got the sweet potato tacos, they were delicious.  The happy hour is half off all draft beers... Amazing! Would recommend and will be back.,|,
We loved this place. Delicious food, great atmosphere, good drinks. Everything we ordered was tasty. The spicy sauce on the potatoes would be delicious on a flip flop!   We will be back and definitely recommend it to everyone. Sit outside, it's lovely.,|,
Best Asian food we've found in Austin for great prices!! Get the appetizer sampler. Love when they have live music, too.,|,
The two star is for the pizza is really good there. But the low score is for the rest of the menu it is horrible please dont have dinner there. My food was horrible i had a bite never touched again. I believe they could do so much bettet the restaurant has potential but they need  a bettet chef. Nicr waitress was nice but would not be coming back unless i want pizza.,|,
I liked Regeneration. The place is clean, cool, comfortable and the staff was nice and overall friendly.  I had gotten my first tattoo done here last year by Edwin and it came out really nice. Since it was my frist tattoo I wanted to make sure I was going to a place that made me feel comfortable and that was how Edwin had made me feel when I had gone to check the place out. He was nice, funny, and really attentive.   It's been a year and my tattoo still looks great.,|,
If you are in Boulder and you love sandwiches go here. There is usually a long wait but worth it.,|,
Melissa gave a fantastic massage! Front desk girl was so sweet & helpful! Great experience!,|,
I've been to many Starbucks drive-thrus and this one is my favorite.  The employees are always extra friendly and the line goes so quick!,|,
Very unhappy with the experience.  Would not recommend.  I felt deceived and cheated.  Stylist fresh out of school, unqualified.  For a $40 haircut, I expect competence, and on this day I didn't get it.,|,
Great delicious food and totally worth every penny! Definitely be returning for more! Yummy!!,|,
The exterior might leave a lot to be desired but this place is a solid dive/late night grub spot. They have a good beer selection and the food is awesome. The best bang for your buck would be a build your own burger. (Try the fried chicken). Service is order at the bar which can get backed up on a busy night but I promise it's worth it. They also have a fun pinball selection.,|,
Pho fine dining. Price was not excessive but more than it should have been for the result (average food) With so many places trying to be hip and clever I'm sure it's hard to compete but these guys didn't get it. Service was below average. Apps came before drinks for which we had to remind our server that they had been sitting on the bar for a while.   The drinks were excellent and priced very fairly. I tried two, both of which were outstanding and 12 dollars each.,|,
i dont know why people rave about this place - i mean i think its decent but i dont know about yum delish - i would still go back - dont hate it  but dont love it,|,
Love this place - favorite nail salon in Austin!! The atmosphere is awesome and the staff are all great. Have never had a bad experience here or anything negative to say.,|,
Best deal on beans in town! The Breakfast Blend is sweet like French toast but with a bold flavor that can wake the dead for that much needed Monday morning jolt. Nothing compares to you, Affogato (AKA Iforgotto),|,
I order a drink and could not finish it and I ask the server to pack my drink for to go, 5 mins later that server hand me a styrofoam box.,|,
First the waitress was nice.  We ordered wings and the waitress they rain out of ranch dressing, how do you run out of ranch!  After we waited 40 minutes for our food, the manager told us we the kitchen is behind about 1.5 hours. Also, he did know if they may not fully our order They should have told us how behind they truly was!   The food came out cool and not completely done.  My stomach hurts and I'm on their toilet, you tell me.  Do not visit Never eat here, food is horrible,|,
Took my girlfriend here on Valentine's Day and it was the perfect location. The restaurant is an older house renovated with a European feel. There are about 20-30 tables inside; very quiet and romantic. The lighting and general ambiance is perfect for a quiet dinner. Food is excellent; I had the lamb chops and my girlfriend had the scallops, both were very good. I highly recommend this spot for a quiet evening out.,|,
Best burrito I've ever had in a long time. And I've been to San Diego and Los Angeles. This is a must stop for great Mexican food,|,
We showed up near closing and this staff took care of us as if they'd shut the place down for us! Excellent food--try the Brussels sprout hash and flank steak-- and drink (that Black Unicorn, tho...) paired perfectly with the amazing customer service here. We were visiting town but all of us wish we lived here--We'd be regulars! Thanks, guys, for taking good care of us!,|,
I always get excellent and friendly service here. This morning is no different. The baristas are always so sweet and on the ball  There aren't many seats here so this Starbucks is more of a take your coffee to go place.,|,
wings was great  and friendly place will def visit again... i just hate it's in a ghetto area...,|,
This place is a train wreck, only benefitting from the fact that it's the only Dunkin' in the area. I just waited 25 minutes for a bacon egg and cheese on a bagel. Nothing else on the order, it wasn't even a meal. Just the breakfast sandwich. Previously I had family in town and went here to get breakfast sandwiches for everyone. When I got home all the sandwiches had no bacon on them. We had to drive all the way back to have them rectify it. Avoid here unless you're desperate for Dunkin'.,|,
I order here like 3 times a week (fatty status lol). All delivery drivers are nice as they know I tip decent. Maybe 2 out of the 40 pizzas I've order have had bad quality. Easy online ordering so I recommend them,|,
Hahaha, it's so true. The customer service at Dressew is not great, but everything else is! Two floors of fun. This place has fabric galore, anything you could ever want plus a huge bargain section in the basement.  If you're a vintage lover like me, you will be all over the notions department. Tons of old stock from decades ago, and did I mention good prices? Don't be scared, this place is worth checking out! Just don't go on Sunday, it's the only day they're closed.,|,
A great little place to stop in for a coffee, sandwich, homemade soup or cookie.  Or even stop in just for a candy bar.  Friendly people and fast service.,|,
Delicious beers! Such high quality I would put the six seamer up with anything from trillium and treehouse. Definitely a must visit. Also go to Mystic in Chelsea down the road,|,
Java Cats is so much fun if you're looking to just chill, have a coffee or tea, and pet kitties. The staff are all super friendly and willing to help and answer any questions. They adopt out all the cats so if you find one you fall in love with you can go through the process and take home a cuddle baby. I really enjoyed my time there and the prices are reasonable. We went with a big group and it was a lot of fun. Can't wait for their Marietta location!!,|,
My omelette was fairly basic.  The owners are lovely though and the ambience is very cute.,|,
This is a new facility, everything is very nice and clean. Front desk staff is courteous. Beds comfortable. Two queen bed suite has a regular-sized microwave and small frig by a sink counter in the sitting area. Bathroom is equipped with low flow toilet and shower head to conserve water. Free hot breakfast served from 7-10 has everything you expect plus some. I would definitely stay here again!,|,
The lines can be very long, especially at lunch. Gotta' say though that this place rocks when it comes to turning out a fantastic burger with good bar selections and awesome fries. Just don't come in a hurry, you will be disappointed. Also, know that you have to go all the way to the back of the restaurant to order and then walk back up front to find a table...kinda' weird but that is just Austin.,|,
Im sitting here writing this from the resturant  it has the worst service i have Ever experienced a the server took our order and only returned after  The manager had to tell her about our drink order never made it to our Table then the server gave us a condecending apology this place Has aqlot of work on staffing there is no reason anybody should be cleaning The floor while you are eating during a dinner rush when there hasnt  Been a spill what a joke im letting corprate know,|,
Went last night during an event. I'll give the pizza 2 stars. The crust itself taste like something that I could have made at home in a rush.   Now the bar...I would give 5 stars. The bartender was on point and the drinks were NICE.   I'd go back for the drinks but not the pizza,|,
True authentic made to order west coast style tacos and burritos. The food is fresh and the salsas are house made. Located on obt in a kind of sketchy area but totally safe during the day and early evening. I believe they are 24 hrs but not sure as I don't usually find myself in that part of town late nights.,|,
This place is TOTALLY awesome.  The extra cost of the ticket is well worth it.  Recliners with blanket, pillow, table, and free popcorn.  Full bar.  Food.  Great service.  Really good sound system and picture quality.  This is THE place to watch a movie!  They have pool tables, lots of seating on the outside of the theaters, nice, clean restrooms...worth every penny!,|,
Alright place for a cheap brew, did not try any food, I'm not even sure if they have hot food.  Back area is a paradise for smokers, if you are into cancer.  Found some of the regulars a bit haughty when someone mentioned they were from California.  Though that sort of xenophobia you see everywhere lately.,|,
I love the bingsoo here- I've tried mango/banana and strawberry, and both were delicious. Not too sweet but not flavourless either. However, both times that I've gone, I've had to wait ~30minutes... the first time I went, I actually thought they forgot my order cause of how long it took.,|,
Fenomenal. Phat pearls so amaze. If I could drink this everyday I would probably look like Majin Bu from dragon ball in all his pink fat chubness,|,
Don't be fooled by the location.  They have what you need and they do a great job.  Outstanding customer service; they only charge for what they really do after a thorough diagnostic.  They've maintained my clipper/trimmer for many years.,|,
This place is old but that's what makes it the place it is. Coming up on there 50th anniversary. Grandma is the main cook with her daughter working tables and helping cook along with the granddaughter helping out on the weekends. The food is good both breakfast and lunch.  Never have had dinner. Prices are more than fair.  Just don't expect a lot of ambience.,|,
This is one my favorite restaurants  in Boston.  Great Persian food - try the chicken zereshk.  Prices are reasonable and you never have to wait to get a table.  Update: This place has undergone a change in ownership and what used to be great place is now a pain in the butt to go to because of the horrible service (consistently have to wait a loooong time to get water, appetizers, bill, etc.).  I originally gave it five stars, but now would rate it 3.,|,
This place looks like a hole in the wall - but don't let it stop you.  Pizza Bianca, garlic knots are delicious.  They make their own salad dressing as well.  Best pizza joint in Orlando!!!!,|,
Great food, attentive servers, and great  for groups. The Hazel Dell Brew Pub is a great place to eat with friends and have a good time for a decent price. The onion rings and Salmon fish and chips are my favorite!,|,
One star because I had to, and because pretty tile. I paid extra for express delivery. Not only was not delivered express, delivery deadline was postponed twice. Tile setter is waiting for two weeks, entire job deadline getting pushed back. NOT HAPPY. Someone dropped the ball in a big way and only my rep at Great Floors seems interested in making it right. Suggest them only if you don't need special order or anything shipped.,|,
The chopped salad isn't chopped! And it was all lettuce. Place is pretentious for a tiny pizza too. Need to bring up their game! We had the lamb sausage pie. Otherwise tolerable. But I can't get over the salad.,|,
This place has amazing doughnut sandwiches. I came with some out of town friends for brunch and it did not disappoint. I got the fried chicken and doughnut, their take on chicken and waffles, with a maple butter topping. The doughnut had a good consistency, not overly greasy or cakey, almost more like a croissant. The chicken was tender and juicy. Can't wait to come back and try more things!,|,
This place is amazing....such an experience.  Everything is lux and fabulous!  Manicures are fantastic and everyone who works there is pleasant and polite.  Had a massage and it was to die for....spent some time on the roof deck, so relaxing!  You forget you are in the hustle and bustle of Newbury Street!  A little pricey but totally worth it!,|,
Been here a few times and the food is always good!  Definitely a little on the pricier side, but the food is well worth it!,|,
Best waitress ever and regret I do not have her name. Food was amazing and the hush puppies are amazing!,|,
This place is all-around great! The villas are spacious, clean, comfortable, and fully-stocked with washer/dryers and even kitchen supplies. Newly furnished with personal balcony. Each main area of the resort surrounds an activity center that may include a pool, gym, sauna, basketball/volleyball/tennis courts, activity room, playground, or all of the above! A few bars and restaurants, and even a marketplace. The staff is very friendly. The location is great too. Overall, great experience!!!,|,
Heaven and Bliss. Bliss and Heaven. The best espresso based coffee beverages around, Bar None.,|,
The best clam chowder we had while visiting Boston.,|,
Pretty awful. It was great when it first opened, but I was in there on Sunday for brunch and the food was awful and the waitress was completely out to lunch and wreaked of weed. She didn't put my order completely in, never refilled my coffee and was chatting at the bar station for the entire hour we were there.  Great for drinks, but I'll never eat there again.,|,
Sigh. Of course these guys are closed now. I will miss those seasoned chips, and having options nearby.,|,
I'll start this post by saying my hair stylist was very nice and my hair looks pretty good. But the salon itself was so gross. So dirty leaves all in the salon. Everything was dusty with spider webs all over the place. It look FOREVER because my stylist was doing my hair snd someone else's the entire time. She was also rushing the entire time. Not worth the Groupon wouldn't go back,|,
Consistently good sushi at very reasonable prices.  Sometimes there's a long line but its okay because you can spend the time buying yummy treats from the Japanese store next door!  While the service is sometimes a bit slow, the experience at blue fin is usually pretty good.  i love the big sushi plates where you can pick your own pieces...and the lunch specials are a really good deal! check it out,|,
Down the neighborhood for a Yelper movie nite at the Lennox and decided to go on down a bit early for a jolt of java before sitting in a dark theater. It had been some years since I had visited this place and was glad to see little had changed. Yes this place gets a lot of OSU traffic thru it so yeah it's a little worn around the edges but still a good place for your caffeine fix.  Friendly baristas, plenty of seating inside and out and free wifi, works for me.,|,
lunch - good burger and good salads. At night it's scary when the cougars are on the prowl hunting for young men.,|,
I came to Boston looking forward to good seafood and lobster roll. Based on favorable reviews I came to fin point. What a disappointment. The lobster had no flavor and was Heavy with mayonnaise. I get better lobster rolls in California for a far better price. Expensive and low-quality is a shorter recipe for disappointment. Similarly the wine was mediocre but premium-priced. Not worth a return visit.,|,
Came here for something familiar but not expecting much. My parents and I were surprised at how generous they were with their tofu and how not msg-filled/salty our meals were (compared to the soon tofu in l.a.). My dad and I got the intestines spicy and it was perfect. Servers were very accommodating and nice. It got pretty full by the time we were finishing up our meal. Thank you for not making us leave with any regrets!,|,
This is the closest Starbucks to my house, thus I came here often to work and sometimes to read. The space is great for working. It's a big and spacious Starbucks with multiple individual table. I often come here to get my usual grande cappuccino and do work in the morning. Then, I would head to my office by taking the T right outside. The vibe at this Starbucks is also great, as most of the times, it's full of students (BU and BC) and young professionals living in the Brighton area.,|,
The cakes here are really good. Fluffy, light and not overpowered with sugar. We got a small chocolate cake and it was superb, even to the chocolate piece on the top for decoration. They are reasonably price too. No more trips to WholeFoods for birthday cakes!,|,
I came here for my birthday for dessert, with 5 of my friends, and I have to say that I was impressed. The service was top-notch. The waiter knew exactly what to ask, when to ask, what type of wine I was in the mood for... I really wanted a window table, but I think those are hard to get! Regardless, I had a really good time and would definitely go back again.,|,
If you like fried avocado, you can't miss the Roaring Fork version of it. Simply Divine!,|,
Had a wonderful experience! It wasn't busy at all. We got two pedicures 60 and 1 overlay 20 with eye brow wax 7. The place is super cute and very friendly staff,|,
I had my favorite sub, an Italian trio with the basil pesto and truffle mayo. These guys are the real deal best subs I've had in Atlanta. Even the organic sodas were amazing. Best of all was the prices and service. Super friendly staff and their recommendations for the sandwich were spot on! I will be making this place my lunch stop anytime I'm in the area.  Make sure that you step around the counter and look at their specialty sandwiches in addition to their build your own sub options.,|,
Terrible food! We went to try it since Shabusen closed down at this location. Kyo has the same concept but the food quality is so different. Normally you will think that on a weekend, the seafood will be fresh. But the salmon has fishy taste. The Teriyaki beef is swimming in liquid (not sauce). And 3/4 of the ribs are fat!  We will never go back to this restaurant again.,|,
This place is great! The service is great, everyone is really friendly and willing to help. I ordered a monte cristo (my fav sandwich ever!) and it was delicious. It came with a side of pickles and a Russian dipping sauce. The pickles were a perfect side. My friend got a French dip sandwich, which had so much flavor. There is lots of seating and it's right in the downtown area. Great location and great price. If you have a chance, definitely stop by here to grab a bite.,|,
Great food, great selection, great location - although a bit hidden so please take the time to find this restaurant and support it as it is truly a good restaurant! Went there with family, enjoyed the diversity of menu options, very tasty selections, every one was happy, the server was honest about the menu and made recommendations that we enjoyed.   Would definitely look this place up and go to it - good for Sunday brunch as well!  One tip - please put your restaurant name on the receipts!,|,
The most authentic Italian pizza I've had in the states. If you love real Italian food (not Italian-American), you will not be disappointed!,|,
Bar is staffed with ignorant management and won't serve tourists with legit passports and USA issued visas. Not the place to visit if you're only a tourist in the fine state of Colorado. Well they served the white ones who had Estonian passports, but not the Mexican ones with Mexican passports!,|,
I absolutely LOVE this place!  The food is excellent and Bridgette is AWESOME!!  They have a number of daily specials and the portions are fantastic.  Highly recommend you check them out, you won't be disappointed.,|,
Can't understand the hype, but it might be that we also didn't go during the brunch time like everyone recommended. Quail was not good and neither was the bisque I got. I might have hit an off day, but I would not come back.,|,
El Sultan is definitely my go-to burrito cart. Their burritos are reliable, large, tasty, and inexpensive. What more could you want during a Mexican food craving? The owners are also extremely nice. Pretty good setting too. I would highly recommend.,|,
Great customer service! We went in, found what we wanted, and was helped by a wonderful gentleman who's name I can't remember. He and the staff got us in and out in no time. They do financing too, which is awesome! We had our beautiful new couch delivered 3 days later, on time. Couldn't be happier! It was such an easy purchase!,|,
EVERYTHING on their menu is fabulous!! Fresh veggies and spices. Very flavorful and I get their take out all the time. Prices are good too!,|,
Food and server, five stars. Whiskey sour wasn't sour enough but that's personal. What mattered more was not getting that drink, or even being offered one, during the 20 minutes I and other diners were kept waiting for our tables. Some of the thirstiest and hungriest of us checked to see if we'd been forgotten in the hotel space to which we'd been relegated. So, one star for that, diluting the total dining experience to three stars.,|,
Seriously? Where has customer service gone?   Ignored for the first ten minutes. Not even a hello. And we sat AT THE BAR.   Food took forever. Probably 20 mins.   I am pretty sure none of the servers smiled once.   Food was ok. It came with a moldy cherry.   This was my second time here. Felt like I would give it another chance. Due to poor service, won't be back.,|,
This place is great!! The food is amazing, the shakes divine. Expect a long wait, but it's worth it.,|,
Absolutely top notch! As good as it gets really. I don't usually like anything vaguely fancy, but this was perfect. The service really stood out. Attentive, polite, helpful, honestly the BEST I've ever experienced. You never have to ask for anything, it's already done.   The clams w/ chorizo is amazing, and I don't even like clams. Best tartare I've ever had. Everything is great, I can't say enough good things, just go there.,|,
This place makes delicious food. The portion are so big I never finish it, even though I try. The rice is fluffy so far I had the General Tso and Mongolian Beef. This Mongolian beef is better than Canton Buddha. I have been here 3 times this month. One time I went in and they were professional and kind.,|,
I wish I could give no stars. Came in with a party and they didn't have someone for me so I had to wait while all my friends went and finished. While they did start both nails and toes at the same time they rushed through and completely did the worst French manicure ever. I kept thinking they would fix it and then nope top coat on, done.  I tried to tell her and she began filing my nail?!? The french is uneven and overly thick. I will never come back here,|,
Great place to stop while touring the town of Salem. Pizza is fresh and plenty for 2 people to share. We had the local octoberfest beer which was tasty.  Splurged and had the adult root beer float made with not your dads root beer, really good. Service was fast and our waiter Devon was friendly.,|,
Just Ok.  Nothing more.  Nothing less.  Usually consistent from one place to the next.  Service can make a big difference and, unfortunately, service people come and go so fast it just does not matter what you say one day because it could be another crew the next. Soups good - breads eh - standard salad varies depending on the waiters scoopability - contents can vary from fill to fill. Pasta is ordinary. You will not go wrong with Olive Garden but you will not have truly fine Italian dining.,|,
I have tried at least a dozen nail salons and have finally found one that it clean, comfortable with great service.  Tu, the owner, is wonderful.  Highly recommend.,|,
In Atlanta for a meeting and this was close to our hotel.  Food was great and fun for us "northerners" to try!  Loved the grits and the collard greens!!  Pair with a great suggestion of Cab/Malbac that I am still dreaming about.  Must try especially if you are trapped for a meeting at the hotels just outside the airport!!,|,
Great little pub. I've liked everything I've had there. My like that you can make any salad a wrap. Especially enjoy the spicy chicken. Good fish and chips.  Make sure you get the fried pickles.,|,
Ok the Guac is delicious-the service was good. Friendly and helpful. The Chicken hard taco rocked and filled to the brim. My fav salsa was the roasted salsa. Great flavor!!,|,
Came here for a new parents meet up on a Saturday at 4 p.m. Great place to meet, hang out, have a beer and chat. Loads of space for strollers and for kids to run around while mommy and daddy enjoy some craft beer goodness. They have a food truck out front of you are hungry too.,|,
The service was good. The menu could be a little better to me. But those biscuits are great!!  Picked up a few souvenir items from the store while we waited to be seated. All in all,it was ok experience.,|,
The best banana bread and chai tea latte of Cambridge. The crew is very friendly, and they have excellent service.,|,
This place has a good vibe! Their customer service is also on point. Shoutout to JoJo, he took great care of my girl and I on Saturday night.,|,
Sad that I just found this place!  I've been passing them for 3 years coming home from work down Monroe.  But now that I know about them it's one of my new favorite to-go places.  Prices are fair and the food is awesome!,|,
This is just a great place for sandwiches, pies and a coffee. Friendly service and nice atmosphere. Only small seating area but worth the wait.,|,
Favorite Vietnamese restaurant in boston. There pho is so good as are there fresh summer rolls! Very nice staff too.,|,
This location needs some serious work. Every single time my husband or I pick up food to go the order is never correct. The sandwich is always completely wrong. And the last time I went in the manager apologized and fixed it and still have it back to me incorrectly! I called corporate finally after it happening 5 times and was told I would get a call back and never did.,|,
This is my go to for pedicures! The service is great, comfortable massage chairs, clean and not to mention they use liners in the tubs for extra peace of mind. I always enjoy my visit! I've tried several nail places in Austin but always find my way back to Great Nails. They offer complimentary beverages as well and offer an array of pedicure packages. I hardly get my fingernails done but when I do they will be my one stop shop.  For the comfort, price and service you can't beat them!,|,
Very clean, relatively new location. It's in an incredibly popular location so sometimes parking is tough and the store is busy but the baristas make the drinks as fast as lightening and always get my order right.,|,
It's a organic meat-eater/vegetarian/vegan   McDonald's. Using some good ingredients and mixing it with ok ingredients and than turning it into some bland concoction.   Even when I was still eating vegan junk food I would have never liked this.... ever.  The place was clean and huge but I can't even imagine it fully occupied.,|,
VERY LONG wait. The waiter brought out the food and messed up my friend's order. The manager said he's charged him half for the wrong food, or he could wait 15-20 mins for his actual order. Oh...and he would charge him half. Sorry but it should be free.   We waited an hour for the food to come, and they only have 1 oven for the whole place. I wouldn't really come here again, or I would come when it's not busy.,|,
Me and my sister were driving north on I-95 and I got hungry!!  Called in an order of fresh fried oysters and rock shrimp, fritters and cheese grits and sweet tea. I was stuffed but it was worth the stop. About 10 minutes east of I-95.  Easy access to get in and out if you order takeaway. Place was packed.,|,
This is a hidden gem of a restaurant.  Suitable for couples and families for brunch, lunch or dinner.  The food is superb, locally sourced, fresh with a great variety. The brunch in or outdoors on the patio or for drinks and dinner in the evening is very comfortable.  Superb bar with excellent service and choices.  We have become regulars.,|,
Fantastic experience for my birthday party. Drinks were really great. Food was better than your average bowling place, but a few items we tried were just ok. Staff was friendly and attentive. Would definitely recommend.,|,
Enjoyed our lunch fine. It is as good as every Hardrock. What made this experience awsome  was our waitress Phoebe! Remember that name PHOEBE!! She takes great pride in her work and treats you like a king. Just Wondeful. I'll be back next time I'm in town.,|,
Great tavern in a wonderful area of Boston.  We shared the turkey sandwich with sweet potato fries and lettuce wraps.  The sandwich was thanksgiving on a sandwich served with a side of delicious gravy.  Yum. Good draft menu including ciders.,|,
This place is great, couldn't fault it. The staff were friendly and more than helpful. Just grabbed a slice and a salad but was really impressed. Everything was super fresh, the pizza sauce is awesome and it all came out really fast. This place is on point.,|,
I stopped in here after leaving the gym one day. Nothing like some wine to refresh you after a long, hard workout.   Unfortunately, they don't stock the wine I was looking for. The store associate did tell me that they can get anythig you want though. All you need to provide them with is the name of the wine and if it's sold in Georgia by anyone else, they can get it.   I haven't been back into the store but it seems like a great place to go grab a bottle of wine or some beer in a hurry.,|,
This is the first review I've written. This place is amazing! I am so picky when it comes to burgers, but this place nailed it! Burgers are perfectly cooked and are seasoned to perfection! Fries were good but a little salty (I didn't get ketchup but will have it next time). I will definitely be returning as this is now my favorite burger joint! I had the sellwood and Fremont.,|,
I had a good time there. You pretty much get unlimited samples if you want. I think Sam Adams makes real quality beers and they care about that. My tour guide (Court) knew his stuff. If you are really interested in beers and beer making, ask questions. I've been on a few tours and this one was one of the best. I also liked that it was free but happy to donate to their causes. That's very cool. You get 5 stars Sam.,|,
Fast, fresh, and kid-friendly. We enjoyed the ramen, goyza, and the little one made a meal of edamame and the chicken karaage (which was a large portion). Finished off with monchi ice cream and some goma dango sesame balls with red bean paste that were nice and warm.   Service was friendly and very attentive. The kids liked sitting in the booth with their shoes off.  Definitely will come back.,|,
A great place to go to with friends and have a good time.. Excellent bar service with a variety of cocktails, good food, and fun atmosphere ..,|,
As a patron who has crossed over into the greeted with a hug category - and boy did that surprise me when that started - I absolutely love this place. I'm also amazed and impressed that it seems as if the exact same staff is working there at any time day or night from the waitress to the drink refiller to the busboys. My heart goes out to them! The food is outstanding. Authentic, reasonably priced, and super fast.,|,
Easy access Ample parking Quick seating Clean table Diverse menu Great Thai soup Complimentary soup of day with entree Nice waitress  Quiet atmosphere Clean restrooms Great prices-$13 for 1 person with beverage Free tooth picks,|,
Sushi Katana is the perfect place for your Japanese food experience. Nice food selection, prices are right, great service and quality. This was my best Japanese experience in Orlando!,|,
I love This place.  Good sushi, good entrees, creative drinks. Parking is rough, but that's downtown Delaware in general. My only real complaint is service,  especially when ordering cocktails can be very slow. Seriously order two drinks...,|,
$4.72 for a SMALL chai?! Seriously!? It was alright, but too much milk not enough spice. Might as well go to Starsucks for that price and quality.  And the seats on the benches are about half the normal size. Probably not going again.,|,
This place was great; it is exactly what we want when we go out for dinner. The food, the service, the wine, the prices were all spectacular. I had the swordfish special and it was amazing. My hubby really enjoyed his pasta dish. Just go!,|,
With a mix of amazing Japanese food and beers you can't go wrong here. Like a traditional Izukaya they offer lots of grilled yakitori which is delicious. They also offer some ramen, sushi and fun drinks as well besides just beer. Highly suggest this restaurant with a group of people so you can order and share lots of different things! Only downside is that it is always busy and as such very loud sometimes too,|,
This place is not a good place to go with a big group. They will force a big amount of gratitude per person along with the total cost of the order when the services was not something special. It will be my last time there.,|,
A Chinese-Italian gelato cafe...? It's funny that they sell Chinese dishes like wonton soups along with other Italian pastries. It just does not make sense style/theme wise. The gelatos are alright, didn't taste very fresh. I have had better gelato in Vancouver. Their flavours do not stand out from other competitors either.  Apparently Casa Dolce is a chain gelato shop, which confirms that they didn't make their gelato in house :(,|,
Best Indian food I have ever eaten, too bad I didn't refrigerate my leftovers and they got bad. Delivery was super fast. The delivery driver was so nice. Will definitely come back for more delicious food:),|,
Went in to get a collector's set for my husband. They didn't have it in stock but the guy offered to place the order for me, that was nice. The whole process took less than ten minutes. I was in and out of the mall in like 15 min (a new personal record for Washington Sq.!),|,
Devon and Katy are amazing. My daughter and I go to Evo regularly for facials, laser hair removal and various other services.  They are accommodating with appointments and close to home.  They are knowledgeable and professional,  I highly recommend  these ladies,,|,
Best "fried chicken" out there, Asian flair or not.  Great customer service.  I also had their grilled salmon salad - not a traditional Korean dish, but was extremely tasty and fresh.  Tteokbokee is also to die for.  Ask for it without the cheese for an authentic Korean taste.,|,
I'm giving four stars because the service was 5 stars and the food was 3.  It was all beautiful and tasted ok but nothing great.  We had the cheese board, oysters, Brie (not great), halibut, and hanger steak.  My husband enjoyed the steak but my halibut was nothing special.  I had an out of this world one the day before at The Kitchen.  Anyway the staff was great but food was ordinary.,|,
They don't carry a lot of stuff. I wanted to buy a Too Faced lip gloss, but they didn't carry that brand.  The shop assistance was very helpful, though.,|,
Started out slowly with our waiter missing our table, but the quality of the meal made it entirely worth it.,|,
Me & a couple friends came down for a weekend & saw this place had happy hour specials so decided to stop by. The food was good we got the salmon, angus sliders, bang bang shrimp tacos, & the ribs. The drinks are bomb my favorite was the Orange rum swizzle & the Snowberry. Our bartender was Keenan (sp?) he was the best kept the drinks coming & made them good. I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for good food & drinks when they come to Atlanta.,|,
It's about time that Downtown Boulder got a real clothing store.  I have a bunch of their stuff and the quality is absolutely top notch.  Super soft and seems like it's built to last forever.    They have great sales, and if you sign up for their email list you get invited to their Friday afternoon "Rock on the Ranch" parties where they have great bands play with free beer in the store for everyone on the guest list.    So happy to have a place that actually has some cool clothes in Boulder!,|,
Delicious! I keep trying other seafood restaurants in town, but I always end up making a comparison to JP Seafood because it has set my expectations so high. I love the bulgogi and the beef dumplings!,|,
Best seafood in the area. All of their menu items were delicious. If you are looking for good southern comfort food. Look no further. This place delivered every time!   Keep up the good work,|,
The service was great and the coffee drinks amazing.  The food was just alright.  Don't go hungry, but do go if you want a quaint place to read the paper and drink some good coffee.,|,
Excellent place and excellent oyster is the best oysters bar in the east orlando...  And have a good promotion and happy hours,|,
Ashley is the 5th star because he is the best barista in town and handles the morning rush like a pro. He is the real deal when it comes to customer service. Get to this Starbucks early enough and you'll be lucky enough to snag a good spot on the second floor. Early Sunday morning is the best time if you're looking for a quieter study space. P.S. The counter tops by the restrooms have outlets. SCORE.,|,
I ordered the O.G. topped with sauerkraut, which I thought was just okay. The line wasn't even that long yet ordering took forever and getting the food took forever too. The guy wearing a fedora helped me and he was a bit rude and weird.   Overall, I must have waited 20+ minutes for a mediocre hot dog.,|,
So happy to see this place open. Hector the chef owner is such a great guy. The food is authentic and good. It has such vibes unlike anywhere else in the battery. We are very excited to see them open near us by tech square as well!,|,
Just gross.  Grease running off the bacon onto the plate.  Hash browns was cooked with so much oil they had oil in the middle of the Hash browns.,|,
Some of the best tacos in town, and the prices can't be beat.  I usually have a hard time deciding what to order (because it's all so good), but I almost always end up getting a fish taco, a chorizo-and-egg breakfast taco, and the cochinita pibil.  Absolutely delicious.  And an economical choice for the Not-So-Great Depression.,|,
It's nice to have a Thai restaurant in the neighborhood, and a good one at that. The food is delicious, the portions are large, the prices are reasonable and the people are very friendly and helpful. The dine in is simple, comfortable and enjoyable. The Pumpkin Curry is a must have. If you crave delicious Thai food, you can't miss with Siam Grill.,|,
How have I not reviewed this place sooner?! Anytime I have friends visiting from out of town I take them here. Amazing food and great vibe! We had so much fun doing Das Boot!,|,
Love everything here!! Always fresh Fast and delicious!  Highly recommend the Italian and roast beef subs!,|,
My review counts for the items I ordered and the service I received. Momo lamb - ordered it as per waitress suggestion. Bit salty, I personally did not like it. 2/5 Masala dosa - was ok, nothing much to write about. 2/5  Kulfi faluda - this was the saviour. Very delicious. Don't miss this one. 5/5 Service - top notch 5/5 Decor - decent 4/5  Bottom line - will try their buffet next time if I visit Orlando,|,
I ordered the Three Cup Chicken, Salt and Pepper Triple and the Roast Beef Roll.  They are all delicious.  Probably the best I have ever had.  I frequent Houston and Los Angeles so I have tried a lot.  The potions are big.  Service is attentive.  Price is very reasonable.  Ambience is nice and clean.  People are very friendly.  I highly recommend,|,
I tried the hamburger. I'm not sure it was even real beef.   It tasted more like a sour and beef combo. The service was horrible and the prices are outrageous.,|,
pizzas good, people who work there suck and cant keep a game face when things are semi-busy on a werk night. caesar salad was boring and sad.,|,
Decent korean food bar. I love their cabbage pickles. Rice cake.was a hit. For me.this is a affordable spot to grab some yummy sides everyday.,|,
I would have given this place 5 stars but they took the Shrimp and Grits off of the menu.  I sat at the bar and at least 5 people asked for Shrimp and Grits.  What gives?  Otherwise, this is the place to go to relax for a great cocktail between flights and perhaps a light fare.   The bartenders were very attentive and the food was delish!  Since I didn't get the S&Gs the scallops were the next best thing.  Oh, the sushi is not bad either.,|,
Great pancakes! Random spot but old school dinner food is fantastic! Staff is friendly and the food is yummy!,|,
This place is UNREAL. The food is great! Go early to get a seat as they don't take reservations.,|,
This location is one of the best White Spots I have ever eaten at. The food has always been good and the service is "spot" on! Maybe it is because it is attached to the hotel. It has a very clean and attractive appearance and the bar looks really nice too. It's pretty much the only location I will eat at anymore.,|,
All the food we had was great but the wait was insane. These smaller places need to start taking reservations. I have kids and cannot wait 45 min for a table as they will not last that long. We were a group of 8 and had to sit at different tables. This defeats the purpose of going to breakfast with friends. Only reason for not giving more than 3 stars is because of the wait and being split up.,|,
Quick counter-serve Mexican. I had the chicken burrito plate with rice and beans. Tasted great, and like everyone says the salsa bar is awesome to do it up how you like. Spent $6.38 and rolled outta there with a full happy belly.,|,
I go here about once a week for the lunch special since it's a block away from my office. Delicious, fresh, healthy, and cheap. Good service and can call in your order ahead of time,|,
Amazing coffee! I was only there for about 5 minutes, but the baristas were so nice and made my drink exactly how I wanted it. If I'm ever back in the area, I'll definitely go again.,|,
The food was really good but worth the price. When calling for reservations if you ask to sit in the lounge area the high back chairs against the wall are more comfortable. However, you can still see and hear the band from the dining area which also has high back chairs. The music is very soothing and the lead singer is awesome!,|,
Really great pho! I ordered chicken pho and even though it's not on the menu they will take grilled chicken and add it to any soup if you ask. It's so good!! The price is the same as any other pho place and you definitely get your fill. Yummy.  We used to go to Saigon Fare because it was closer to our house but they would always be closed or not answer the phones during their business hours so we gave up on them.,|,
The best massage I've ever had - EVER! Sheila is amazing. She is able to totally understand your needs and help get your body moving and feeling good. I've had some serious neck and shoulder issues from working at a computer and she was able to dig in and release some of the connection that had formed between some of my muscles, immediately relieving pain I've had for so long! She is amazing and I would absolutely recommend her to everyone I know.,|,
Love the whole cupcake truck experience.  I got the carrot cake cupcake and it was so moist and flavorful!!! I loved the chunks of nuts throughout.  I am still dreaming about that cupcake.  It was a pleasant treat during my visit at SXSW.,|,
This place is very good and the concept is fun!  Easy access to parking and easy to get in out of Easton.  They have a good happy hour. $2.00 off of drinks.,|,
Great place to come with a large group and you want outdoor seating. Right as rain pale ale was fantastic! Wasn't impressed with the food selection. I did not care for the smorgasboard, and meat and cheese are my favorite. My server wasn't very engaging or helpful when I asked for recommendations. Service was slow as well. I'll give this place a second chance but I'd only come here on a beautiful day and only to drink.,|,
Just had my nails by Donna.  She did a great job! Best prices in town.  I'll definitely be back!,|,
Too many rules, surly staff, average beer.  Felt like I was having a drink at a convent.,|,
I find better designer labels at Value Village. And i'm not joking. Huge mess and full of tacky, cheap crap that is not designer by any stretch of the imagination. Seriously, go to the Salvation Army or Value Village. Cheaper and better quality and cleaner! And not all made in China.,|,
This is a great place! Free tour of the brew house with a free tasting right after! Tour guides were really knowledgable & entertaining & you get a free Sam Adams beer glass afterwards. Outdoor beer garden is alright, and the bar inside is pretty cool. You can get flights which is always a plus, and there's a little food truck outside the brewery!,|,
I've always wanted to go here but never felt like I had the time and now I know WHY! Soooooo slooooow Do not even attempt unless you have +3 hours in between flights  The Sushi was actually quite good, albeit a bit over priced, but then again it's the nicest Restauant @ Sushi was good I had the $17 small kamakazee roll Took ~1 hour,|,
The ambiance is okay. I just recently had lasik, however, came in here a few months prior 'cause I was strongly considering not going through with it if I were to get some Frames that were decent and didn't make me feel like the girlfriend in Revenge of the Nerds. The lady who was helping me was super nice and sweet, however, I wasn't happy with the frames. It was nothing personal on them but maybe my insecurity with glasses in general. She was patient with me.,|,
Worst breakfast I paid $35 bucks for 2 in a long time. Avoid eggs Benedict and corned beef hash.,|,
Weekend brunch is awesome, best in Boston.  $25 per person is high but kids are free and the seating is relaxing and quite.  Nice to enjoy an extra coffee with a second helping of eggs.,|,
Consistantly good salads, pizzas and a delicious veggie sandwich. These folks care about serving a quality product. Service is very good and they have a great bar.,|,
So incredibly disappointed. I went to get a gel manicure and as soon as I left the salon my nails started to darken, and it almost looked like they were burnt. It seems that she may have left my nails under the UV light for too long. I'm not the type of person to demand a refund, but I definitively will not be going back.,|,
Great food and service! Again. 4 out of the last 5 weeks great every time.. tuesday and Wednesday get right in.  Always looking to make sure that you have a great time!,|,
Great (dog friendly) patio, nice bartenders. A really easy place to just go and enjoy a night with friends.,|,
Service is a bit slow, but the ladies/servers were very nice. I don't mind too much about the slow service since the food is delicious, I definitely recommend the Beef Sukiyaki combination! It's such a great deal for the quality of the food you are receiving. I usually get the combination with California rolls. Definitely recommend you try this place out!,|,
Any restaurant whose premium tequila list dwarfs the wine list and provides the option to eat a whole quail in one sitting is an Austin classic in my book!,|,
Amazing food and great service. Friendly owner. Original Tali service. You know it's good when half the customers are Indian. Flavors are addicting. Keeps me coming all the way from Roswell.,|,
I had the duck, the fromage special, and the macaroons. Really incredible!! Beautiful new flavors. Great wait staff! They were quick, helpful and friendly!,|,
unique and delicious food.  good drink selection.  all at great prices.  friendly staff as well, which is hard to find!,|,
Watch out!!!  I ate there 9/29/16 and had my credit card information stolen and used from there. I asked them about it and they claimed they knew nothing. It happened in less than 30 minutes.,|,
I order online and have it delivered! Food always on point and don't have any complaints.,|,
Shake Shack was definitely worth the $20 I spent just for me. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.,|,
This is my favorite head shop in Portland.  It really is the best,  I travel from St. John's to come here.  You can't beat the prices and the staff is super cool.  The herb selection is the best in town and the glass is amazing.  Also best price on kratom I've found anywhere yep anywhere Internet included.  Love this place.,|,
The most horrible homophobic bar in Boston. Don't do it! "Get these homos out" - said by bartender,|,
Creature Comforts is the Starbucks location in Animal Kingdom. They have it going on! The line moved quick. Everyone was nice and my order came out quickly. Get a Mickey Cinnamon Roll! It is HUGE!,|,
Not sure why this place was voted on Portland Favorite Eatery. We ordered the hanger steak and the waitress didn't asked us how we liked our steak so it came out bloody bloody rare. The tapas dishes were overpriced for the quality of the food. The bathroom was super dirty with no toilet papers. Nothing special here and will not be coming back.,|,
i went here for a first date last week and it was also my first time there. SUCH a great place. very alternative and grungy, but also super classy and cute. i love that it's open @ night, and there was a guy playing the piano beautifully. its cheap, the coffee is great, and is original. the art displayed on the tables, in the bathroom, and the coffeehouse itself is just absolutely adorable. probably my new favorite spot in Portland.,|,
You need to try the Thai Smoked Chicken hash and Steak and Potatoes. They also have the best fish tacos you're ever going to have. I could come here every night. You know what ...? I might. Don't take my table!,|,
Absolutely the best meal I have had in Austin in a long time! Super staff and friendly people they go out of their way to serve you delicious food. Expensive but well worth every penny.,|,
I arrived at 6:15 today and was told they were "all done" despite being open until 7. The barber who delivered this news shrugged when I asked why and then said they were short staffed, which would make sense if they didn't have barbers on every chair.   This is one of several times I've arrived before the shop is "closed" and been turned away or found a locked door.,|,
The liege waffles here are amazing (especially with the white chocolate rose water dipping), however be warned that the wait to get in can be really long-- we waited 45 minutes on a Monday morning. Also great was the jamaiquita lemonade. Lavendar latte tasted very strongly of lavendar-- proceed with caution! The main dishes are great if you are a steak lover for the breakfast, but I would have liked it if they had some more lighter fare selections. Overall, great breakfast though.,|,
Not the world's biggest Chinese foodie but I've had my fair share and this place was BOMB! The place was clean inside. Great service. Food was fresh and delicious. Good prices. And late night takeout. 5 stars all day. Ill be back next week.,|,
Pure upscale defines the essence of service & professionalism exemplified by licensed Barber/owner Corey Cooper. Nestled in East Atlanta, a posh location with a cozy ambiance. Get your haircut with precision while enjoying a customized appointment, so you always get the VIP feel. For the Ladies, you can get styled by the talented Dani J. This is the only Barbershop and salon I visit when coming to Atlanta.,|,
I had the Papis Sandwich with black beans and rice ... Very good! My Bae had the Same with the Manduros (sweet Plantains) ..she gives it a 4.5 & I give the same ... And my fish bowl blue curaçao was on Point! I will be back,|,
All time favorite spot in the neighborhood. Inexpensive and great quality food. Its evident how fresh the ingredients are. Family-owned and they are so accomadating. They really make you feel like part of their family!,|,
They were alright! We got the blueberry one, the coco puff one and the "dirt" doughnut. It was decent but I mean ahh ‍ it was jut neat Bc of the variety,|,
When in Columbus, check out Columbus Brewery. Great food, beers. And  "Kate".  Sit at the bar for Kate. She knows her stuff.  Ask for the calamari. & get extra fresh jalapenos. Lightly battered, super tasty.,|,
I went to this location for the 1st time yesterday not really knowing what I was walking into - but I was pleasantly surprised by the variety. The staff was friendly and they had the cutest clutches and bags starting from $8.,|,
Great place! Staff is amazing and the drinks are on point! By far the most beautiful nightclub in Orlando! Was in town visiting and the bartender treated me like a regular that always comes in!,|,
Lily's is absolutely hands-down the best place to get the freshest and tastiest pasta in Boston. They have a wide variety of all-natural pastas, sauces and toppings to choose from. I highly recommend trying the Alfredo sauce with mushrooms, it is superb! The owner Matt always goes out of his way to ensure that you have a great experience and that you leave full and satisfied. Definitely not to be missed!,|,
Never disappointed. Cheese bomb calzone with chicken rocks. Grilled Caesar awsome. Delivery is super quick!,|,
I am super impressed with my first visit! Nancy and Nicole absolutely killed it with my shellac mani-pedi. Definitely went above and beyond making the experience worth every penny.,|,
Still love coming here, one of the nicer Asian restos in DT, even a touch of higher end modern decor.  But still think their Richmond locations are better.  Ordered the ma po tofu, still good but a tad light on the flavour.  Good service.  Thumbs down on credit card minimum.,|,
This is your standard Thai restaurant. Nothing amazing about it but it also doesn't disappoint. I had the shrimp drunken noodles which were good and the vegetable dumplings which were good but the sauce that went with it could have been improved. Good spot if you're looking for Thai food in this area so I would recommend checking it out if you're craving Thai.   Overall: doesn't disappoint, good if you want Thai in this area,|,
Living in California We're spoiled with great authentic Mexican food. It was a great surprise to find El Sazon Latino! There's nothing like enjoying a good meal at a family owned and operated establishment! If you're looking for good food, at a great cost in a great environment... this is the place! Cheers to El sazon Latino...Enjoy!,|,
The quality continues to decline each visit. Our pizzas crust was so hard I had to chisel it with a knife to cut it into bite size pieces, barely any sauce and even less toppings:( I remember when Twilight Pizza was the best in town! We won't be back.,|,
I went here to the sunday brunch with live reggae music about a month ago, HANDS DOWN the best idea ever. I had a great time and the food was good but the vibe of the place made it better. If you're not a patient person I'd suggest to make a reservation or eat at the bar!,|,
Best chocolate chip cookies in the city.  They're tons of other flavors too that are worth trying, though I stick with the original.  Why mess with perfection?,|,
Vintage has a warmth to it even on the dampest days. Interesting cocktails, but what's really great about it is the level of skill and knowledge of the bartenders. It's a pleasure watching them work.,|,
I love this place for the great customer service! They treat their customers with care and positive attitude! The food is also good. The dishes are big, and food is light and clean, not greasy! I even heard a child saying, that their burgers are better than in McDonalds! Well, I will believe to this one, because children won't lie about the food!,|,
I love Nana's! The ladies are so friendly and helpful. They have saved me with their sweet treats many times in the last year. I have done a bridal shower, birthday parties, gifts, and just a quick pick me up. I have had the tiny cakes and cookies. The boxes for the tiny cakes are perfect for safely transporting them and the 6 pack is clear so the presentation is beautiful. I have tried all the flavors and they all taste great! Plus I am happy to be supporting a local business.,|,
Awesome little place to eat. Breakfast and lunch available. I had the corn beef hash and some pancakes. I am a breakfast type of guy and this place rocks!! Go try it if you love breakfast!!!,|,
It closed!!!!!  What a shock.  It's kind of hard to make money when the servers don't wait on customers.,|,
Tasty adult donuts. I first discovered them in Portland, and then later ran across a store with great delight in Venice, CA. Interesting flavors. Not as wacky as Voodoo.,|,
Vegetarian review - Lacks flavor big time  We tried all the vegetarian appetizers which all felt incomplete and lacking flavor. For the price, the food was not upto the mark. I ordered the hakka eggplant and the udon noodles which were both oily and lacking flavor.   Drinks were the best part of the meal. The pineapple basil and the orange margarita were pretty great and refreshing.,|,
Since living in Orlando and being from Brooklyn, I have been on an endless search for good pizza. First rule of thumb Beware of any place that says NY Style Pizza. They are not good.  We decided to give this place a shot. The pizza looked good, was the right size, and was cooked just right. I did think that it was salty. Must have been the tomato sauce. I give it a rating of 6 slices out of 10,|,
Beef and octopus tofu soup and seafood tofu soup are both excellent choices. The only thing I don't like about the seafood tofu soup is that you have to peel the shrimps. You can choose your level of spiciness and it comes with a side of rice and egg. Your meal also comes with several side dishes, which are all worthy of trying.,|,
For take out Chinese food, pretty good.   I've had their food before. I was at a girlfriends house and we had our order delivered.  Delivery took 45 minutes, but it was during peak dinner time, I can't imagine they have a fleet of drivers just waiting to bring me MY vegetable chow mei fun!  So take delivery time into account if you're getting delivery.  Otherwise, stroll in, order up, bring it on home.,|,
The food is delicious. My desi parents loved this place and they are super picky about eating outside. Hands down the best kobideh, jujeh and barg soltani I have had in USA. The place is slightly more expensive compared to other halal options but food is worth every penny. The hosts were extremely super accommodating during my visits. I will certainly be returning again to enjoy some barg and kobideh in the future.,|,
Do you miss The Coffee Connection? Miss it no longer. My only complaint is the shop is small--sometimes I can't get a table when I want to hang out.  Best cappuccino in the Boston area and that's not an exaggeration. They know how to roast coffee. If the beans weren't so expensive they'd be the only beans I brew at home.,|,
Incredible lunch today. Spur of moment decision and we loved it. Will be back.   Lamb Gyro and Salad.   Very clean and elegant place. Relaxing.,|,
I absolutely adore this place. I have been coming for years and I have NEVER had a bad or mediocre experience. I love the family atmosphere and how authentic the recipes are. The servers are attentive, helpful, and happy. You cannot go wrong with their famous Dill Pickle Soup. THis coming from someone who despises pickles! I get the Rahmschnitzle and its perfect. Their steamed spinach cannot be beat and the spaetzle is just delicious.   Worth the visit. Pure, authentic german food.,|,
This is one amazing coffee shop.  The service was amazing, they were polite and helpful.  The coffee was awesome. Everything was made fresh and fast.  They have a tiny little place, but have probably the best coffee in Portland.  I would highly recommend everyone come here!  PS, Don't plan to sit and chat here though, it is too small for chairs, so they have bars to lean on, or outdoor tables if its nice.  Really enjoyed it!,|,
After twenty plus years of buying food from Cathay Pacific; its come to an end. The final straw was paying $70 dollars for lukewarm food, which included dried up and burnt boneless ribs and no seasoning whatsoever.  It just isnt worth driving 30 minutes to spend $60-$70 dollars for food that gets tossed into the woods.,|,
Let's keep it simply this time.  Overall, not bad at all.  I've had better, but I've definitely had worse.  When we arrived there was a line, but it moved pretty quickly.  The service was friendly, price was fair and I left full. Bread was great, which is very important to a sandwich.  The covered patio was a nice place to eat too.  I'll eat there again for sure.,|,
Charles has a great store and stocks only the finest outdoor sporting apparel, guns, fly rods &amp; reels, flys, boots, jackets, flashlights, binoculars, and much much more.  High end stuff only.  Exceptional quality.  Check their web site!,|,
Yum yum yum! Really interesting choices here at happy hour, and great prices! Loved the Kern Dogs, and especially the Roscoe (sp?). It was fried chicken wrapped in waffle covered in syrup... definitely try it if you go.   I ordered a Cosmo, and it was made great. Not watered down, and not too sweet.   We got quite a bit of food, and the bill was tiny.   Definitely recommend!,|,
This is a small, cozy coffee house with a delicious menu. Also serving smoothies and fresh sweet breads. The owners are mellow and enthusiastic about keeping this historic establishment functioning at the highest and healthiest level. I highly recommend! In a great neighborhood too!,|,
Very chill place to have a drink, play board games and eat. Great service and live music. I loved the Mac and Cheese and the Caramel and Bacon Fries.,|,
One of the best meals I've ever had! Food is definitely a work of art here! We did the chefs tasting with numerous courses, and everything was delicious. We did a drink pairing as well which was very enjoyable. Everything is cooked to perfection, and melts in your mouth. All the portions are small, but it is a tasting. I left feeling full, but not too stuffed. I would highly recommend.,|,
disappointing... ran out of pearls and my pineapple slush was completely ice. five dollars for a cup of ice! you'll have to PAY me to come back..... also never get the avocado flavour... disgusting,|,
Guillermo was an excellent a waiter I have never expec such a EXCELLENT WAITER in my entire life of dinning! He showed and spoke about the menu (he owned the menu). He gave my son extra attention and special treats. He took care of us like FAMILY, I would come back here the next I visit to florida and I would ask for Guillermo :-) Happy customer and AMAZING WAITER!! GOO GUILLERMO!!,|,
Not a fan of the customer service here at all.   Especially when one cashier (anita) states to the cashier I'm at that my items are old, contact a manager & give lowest prices.  Purchased (10/18/2015)  in the saugus store.  Never going in here again!!!!,|,
Always skeptical about Indian restaurants in Boston- iam  pretty impressed by the food here... Very good !!!be cause not all curries tasted the same and look the same !!!,|,
Dear Mr. Pink,  I'm sorry to write this to you in a letter, but we're through.  Mr. Myagi and I are getting married...  xoxo  Very cool Torchy's.  Love the decor and open feeling.  Best queso.  EVER.,|,
I've been here before but it's gone so down hill. Paid extra for breast that was the size of a large wing . It was overcooked and puny. I gave it a one because the pie was at least good,|,
Affordable good food fast service and a great menu for kids! See for yourself it's a great place to eat  Love it,|,
I love the bubble milk tea here! The tapioca is delicious. I also tried the herbal jelly topping and it tasted so refreshing. Great service and yummy bubble tea.,|,
Walked in for a large Nostra Combo, and the staff was relatively quick in making the pizza. Only took 15 minutes for the pizza, and the pizza was loaded with plenty of fresh toppings. The pizza tasted very fresh and wasn't full of grease and cooked just right and tasted great. The front is a bit tiny and cramped, but took the pizza back home and it still was very delicious.,|,
I only ordered from here because I saw it on grub hub and it was 5 minutes away... Never would have thought the sushi would be so fresh! It's been hard to find good sushi here in Austin, and I will continue to order from here! Very fresh sushi,|,
We recently moved to the same street Zoe's in on, and we were delighted to find out how great it is. We've now eaten at Zoe's once and ordered twice for pickup. The service, food, and prices are all phenomenal. They have always been great about substituting ingredients and making modifications, too, which is a major plus. The beef with peanuts is a must!,|,
Awesome service (we were the only guests at 7pm on a Tuesday), great authentic Mediterranean food. Love being able to support a neighborhood restaurant. I love Tino's but this tastes much fresher and less salty. Great wait staff that greeted us at the door and were just the right amount of attentive throughout. We will definitely return.,|,
The chocolate croissant was absolutely delicious, the coffee was good and the service was outstanding!,|,
I wish I had the opportunity to try the food here, but our waiter never put in our order and got our drink order wrong.  Total clown show.  The manager was apologetic when he realized what we had experienced... after an hour of sitting at a table next to a garbage can, we left.  We live in this city and there are many places to stop in for a quick bite.  I would rather eat a McNugget than anything from this joke cafe.,|,
This place is really convenient and really fast with orders.  It's unexpectedly nice inside and sells alcohol.  It has TVs and feels more like a miniature sports bar but family friendly.  One downer is that the prices aren't the same as other Pizza Hut locations and I think that's because they know the tourists will still pay the increased prices.,|,
Better than I expected it to be.  To be fair, I'm not a Boulder fan so that alone kind of ruins most dining experiences.  But this place was delicious and it feels a lot fancier than it is.  Service was a little slow, but it was also super busy so I can't 100% hold that against them.,|,
Fast food place, all vegetarian, always seats available, pretty cheap.,|,
This restaurant impressed me in every way. The service is excellent, and the soup is brought to your table in a dish heated by a small flame. We ordered the miso one, and the portion was huge so I could share it with my boyfriend. The soup came with real crab, eggs, and all kinds of vegetables and mushrooms. It was delicious. I recommend this place!,|,
Mango strawberry habanero infused tequila.  Carne asada fork and knife burrito.  Hot salsa that was so delicious, I asked for a to-go container.   Awesome manager that put on the Patriots pre-season game for our table.  Happy girl.,|,
Blackened fish tacos are awesome. Halibut fish n chips are gross, hard to chew, when i showed them they said it was because they were cold.  They were like rubber, worst I've ever ate.  They took 3 dollars off. .whatever not coming back. 21.95 for leather fish minus 3 .. yuk!,|,
Great food. Unexpected for airport. Salad was a bit salty but the trout was amazing. Good French press coffee. Server John was a true professional.,|,
Oh my God - this place has been degrading from good to worse over the years! You can come here for the salad and the soup that comes with the appetizer. We waited for 30 minutes to eat a bad main course!  The 5 cheese ravioli just not up to the mark!  The veggie pasta had no taste and all of the kids menu was a yuck,|,
I had the As Gouda As It Gets on a recent visit to Toasted. The grilled cheese sandwich was toasted to a nice crispiness and was filled with gooey smoked Gouda, tender pulled chicken, flavorful roasted red peppers and savory garlic spinach. The side of fries with truffle oil was crisp and tasty.,|,
Brittany was a superb hairstylist!! She listened to my tremendous list of hair needs and worked with me to ensure my needs were met.  Great ambiance and comfortable surroundings.  The only issue was the parking; dodging traffic to cross the street was a bit hazardous.,|,
This place was so annoying . No service , and roaches ! The only thing that was good was the front desk lady .,|,
Okay, it is expensive here.  But it is in Disney Downtown.  So discounting that fact, the service and food were amazing!  I had the farmer's market salad, and it was so yummy.  I was very impressed!  It had red and golden beets, delectable candied walnuts, slivers of watermelon radish...on and on, and oh so good!  The service was impeccable as well.,|,
Love, Love, Love this hotel!  The staff is so friendly and accommodating.  Every time my husband and I come to Orlando, we try to stay here.  The suites and even the standard king room is spacious.  The hotel is down the road from downtown Disney and 25 minutes from Universal Citywalk.  Choose this hotel if you want to relax by the pool or at the spa.,|,
The food and service was excellent!  We had fish tacos, chicken fried steak, chicken BLT and Banana cream pie!  Everything was delicious!,|,
Always has the best customer service. Super friendly and knowledgeable. With a decent variety of juice at a multitude of price points. Which is why we keep coming back over the years.,|,
Went to the Scoreboard last night for the "pre grand opening party" that was open to the public.  Food was great, i had the lobster mac and cheese and enjoyed a $3 Scoreboard Blue which has a nice amount of blueberries. Staff was great, our waiter was attentive without being annoying.  Place looks pretty awesome. All new everything from ceiling to floor. If you've been there before you will enjoy the new look, lives up to the "sports bar" name for sure.,|,
I went to Beau Thai last week at the suggestion of VZ Navigator and my proximity to the place at the time. The place was nice, though empty for a Monday lunchtime.  The appetizer salad came with a dressing that was way too sweet, but the panang curry was delicioso! I would've wished for a little spicier options, though. The prices were incredibly reasonable, too -- it only cost $15 for two people. However, I'm still looking for a Portland Thai restaurant that offers tempeh. Any suggestions?,|,
Review applies ONLY TO TAKEOUT! I have never dined in so can't comment on that experience.  The quality is pretty good, they give large portions, and have never screwed up an order. Pricing is reasonable and they have good combo options. It's nice that the veggie fried rice doesn't have egg as my wife has an allergy and it's annoying to ask every place!  Overall good Chinese food and our goto place for Friday/Saturday night takeout!,|,
Dark and cozy inside with great food. The lobster tacos are amazing! The prices aren't too bad either, since you can get appetizers that can function as small dinners (if you're not too hungry) for under $15.,|,
Skip the guac, unless you don't mind paying 1.95$ for a spritz ..everything else was pleasant.,|,
Very flavorful. The salad and bread is awesome. One of the best in the city. Although my out of town guests thought their food was not so hot. Fried plantains not so good. I've always had good service except for the last time. We saw 3 people get served before us that came in after us. It was like we were invisible sitting in the center of the room. We had to grab a waitress to take our drink order. I guess the only time to get good service is when its slow.,|,
Food amazing, delivery is bad. Maybe one or two times out of tens of times I got my order without something missing, damaged, late, or being cold . I keep coming back because the food is really good. I recommend that you go eat in.,|,
Feasted on raw oysters and fried clam strips. All delicious. Beer list was solid. Nice outside seating on the second floor for a good view of the harbor.,|,
Best omelet I've ever had! Feta, basil, and tomato cooks slightly runny with a side of yummy bread. It was on the seasonal menu and boy did it taste fresh and local. Delicious ingredients put together with thought. Worth every penny!,|,
Another excellent local coffee house serving excellent coffee in a cool funky atmosphere, well as cool as you can get in a strip mall.  Give up the corporate stuff and go here.,|,
Great location just stones throw from TD garden , bars and restaurants every few feet not to mention super comfortable bed.newly done rooms with  Upscale decor.  with a little great bar in lobby. 24 hour room service and complementary loaner bicycles for touring the city,|,
best pizza and roast sausage and lamb in all new england. Period.,|,
A great spot for fades and tapper style haircuts. Got here without an appointment and Sico got me right in. He did a really good job, very attentive to detail (recommend it) the price is a a bit higher than a usually pay in Los Angeles, it was $28 (plus tip) for a middle zero fade haircut but it was on point.,|,
I love this restaurant. It was the first place I ever had sushi (in 2007), and it is still my favourite sushi restaurant. Their special rolls are amazing and my favourite part is that their rolls can come wrapped in soy paper rather than nori/seaweed. I prefer the soy paper because I don't like the fishy taste of nori. The Sushi Bar is one of the only restaurants in Vancouver - that I have found - that has soy paper. Another one is Dream Sushi at Main and 28th.,|,
Attempted to stop by with our two dogs after a walk on the beltline . A third of the outdoor tables were available and no other customers were waiting . Treated extremely rudely by wait and  hostess staff and the manager who seemed intimidated by her staff and left after being unable to get seated . Please try Amsterdam Atlanta instead where we were given kind and attentive service .,|,
Smitas boutique is so clean and adorable. Smita is so professional and kind and listened to my requests. She asked about any skin issues I may have so she can work accordingly. Having psoriasis, that means the world. I am very happy with smita. It didn't hurt at all either. I am so glad my friend Kellie from barebottom tan referred me. Love!!,|,
This is our absolutely favorite place to shop for decorations on a dime. You can find so many fun and crafty items to decorate for all seasons and functions!  The last work party we threw was for Valendentgras!  Valentines Day, President's Day, Mardi Gras and Ground hogs day and they had everything we needed!  Plus we got lots.of fun toys when we collected.over the holidays to fill up the bins for Toys for Tots!,|,
Great service from the moment we stepped in the restaurant up until we left!  Mixed grilled meats, steak tips, shrimp and veggie enchiladas - all delicious. Up until tonight, i had only been here for drinks and apps.  I will come back for dinner again.,|,
If I could give this place zero stars I would. The hostess are complete morons. Me and my kids walked in and the hostesses told us we had to wait 25 minutes. I said okay, but then after looking around there were empty tables EVERYWHERE. I asked why we couldn't sit at one of those tables and they said those tables and whole sections were closed. Talk about bad customer service. They need new hostesses.,|,
Food was good. Service was abysmal. Had to ask 4 WAITERS FOR SOY SAUCE TO GO WITH OUR  SUSHI !!!!  We were there after the lunch rush (small crowd) and they rushed to give us the bill but took another 15 minutes to bring it back.,|,
best boneless wings ever, i moved here from worcester and got it a few times a week there, so i was realll excited when i found out there was one a couple miles from here. delivery takes longer than worcester, hence 4 not 5 stars, but the wings ruuuule. honey mustard w/ranch and ketchup plz and thanks,|,
So far the best Mediterranean I've had here in Atlanta, hands down. When I first went to Krog Street Market I was expecting a long wait but it only took a few minutes to order and before I knew it I had the most wonderful Shawarma in my hands .. yummy very addicting :) If you like this type of food GO HERE!!,|,
This is the best homebrew shop in Portland, and the most centrally-located, and it's all-around great. However, my first LHBS (local homebrew supply store) in Berkeley, CA was better. How I miss brewdude and Homer!,|,
I  came here as I was helping one of my girlfriends with her laundry and thought that I would throw in a load as well to make it an even full second load since we're paying.   The dryer is slow and doesn't get hot enough. Took me three times just to try my purple lined hoodie which was annoying. Waste of money.   Washer did a decent job, just don't jam it or over stuff it.,|,
My go to place for Chinese.  Amazing rangoons and a huge selection of Asian cuisines.  Not a good dinner idea if you are feeling indecisive.,|,
The food is really good here.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is the weird entry way and the just average atmosphere.  There were many Asian diners here, which gives you an indication that it is really good/authentic.    We had crab Rangoon and they were nice sized and you get enough food in your entre to share.  The veggies in the entrees were cooked perfectly!  Next time we are going to try the BBQ.,|,
Oh Bob's, you make me so happy.  I get cold cuts here every week. Their sandwiches are absolutely delicious. The pasta dinners are pretty good, though not my favorite thing here.  If you're ever in the area and looking for somewhere to grab some lunch, you'll be well advised to go to Bob's.,|,
Went on a Thursday evening with a buddy for dinner, whilst visiting the greater Columbus area. We were seated right away, and I was pleased to see a quality beer selection, including numerous Ohio breweries. I had two different beers while there, and both were good. My meal was the blackened tilapia sandwich with fries, and it was plenty tasty and hit the spot. The fries were good but not great. Service was just fine overall, and the prices are reasonable.  Nice place!,|,
Decent, but not great.  Even though Sushi Town is closer, my boyfriend and I prefer to go to Marine Polis Sushiland down by Beaverton Town Square instead-- their dishes are something like 25-50 cents cheaper per item and the food is better.,|,
Love this place....great staff, strong drinks (depending on the bartender), and fun place for an afternoon cocktail or a night out on the town.,|,
A fashion find.  Ever changing styles from evening attire to lounge wear to everyday must haves.  Gorgeous accessories and gift items for all occasions.  Looking for something uniquely you, this is the place to find it.  The Staff is incredible, friendly with extensive fashion know how.,|,
Beautiful restaurant with wonderful staff. The charcuterie plate was amazing. The waitress Meghan is absolutely wonderful and the bar manager Rob is also wonderful. If you want a great cosmopolitan please go here. And if you want good food come here! Good night. Good people!,|,
Definitely worth going to if you're in the Orlando area.  Pollo de la casa was delicious and the margaritas were large.  Prices are super reasonable.  Me and my family really enjoyed it.,|,
Go here if you are starving or are going to miss a meal or two. Portions and calories out of control. I prefer quality fresh ingredients however if you want a LOT of HEAVY food this is your place! The food was definitely comfort however the menu lacks creativity IMO. If you eat here for lunch be prepared to want a nap.,|,
Flavorful, fresh, authentic, artful, delicious Greek food, served up by friendly people who are actually Greek, in a cute, sunny, homey atmosphere. Just go here, you won't be disappointed.,|,
This place is so good ! Be ready to wait a little before getting a table or ordering. But it is definitely worth it ! Their chicken is pretty good and spicy enough. I highly recommend the pecan chocolate pie ! The only negative point would be the wait because the waiters are really nice.,|,
Amazing Mexican food and pretty authentic. The Cali Burrito is a must try as is the tres taco platter. If you are going for lunch plan on going early or late as there is a line out the door and no seating around the usual 12pm lunch rush. I usually call my order in for pickup since my office is right around the corner. Give it a try, you won't be sorry.,|,
So Fish Daddy's has has a reno! The service is fantastic,  the decor is great and my maragarita..  right.on.time.  we ordered a sirloin , fish and chips, Daddy's Painkiller and a Daddy O Margarita that was lip smackin' good!,|,
Outstanding in every way. A lot of the best yogurt places have gradually given up on adventurous flavors,  catering more and more to imitation ice cream taste. This one maintains a wide variety,  constantly changing,  with  exotica  and tart tastes for adults  and more ice creamy flavors for the kids.  in addition bonus points for all kinds of niceness:  high-quality free water ( thus no hard sell on the bottled water),  generous tasting cups,  pleasant decor,  nice staff.,|,
Had a great experience. Brought in a total junker I needed to use for a few days at burning man. Paramount did a very basic tune up, just enough to work in the desert, and didn't charge much for the trouble.   Would definitely go back again!,|,
Authentic Irish experience, and the duck couldn't get any better. Good vibes from friendly people in an awesome city.,|,
This restaurant has fluctuated in its overall experience. We have dined here many times over the years, and in some regards it has improved, and in others it has become worst. The decor has stayed the same, while the name and menu has changed. The one thing that thankfully has not changed has been the food quality. The food has always been well prepared, tastes fresh, and tastes delicious. Our most recent visit started off rough but our waiter made up for it and proved excellent service.,|,
Soooo good! Wife and I had chili dog, smokeshack burger, fries, Anita root beer and Apple Pie ala mode shake! Everything was so amazing. I'm stuffed and happy. Will be back soon.,|,
This place by far has the best breakfast sandwich! The shop location is sketchy,I'm not gonna lie...but the sandwich is so worth coming here...the only thing that sux is it closes early sometimes even @ 2pm. But definitely a got to spot if you're craving a breakfast sandwich :),|,
This is not a place you go for great service. it's more of a cheers kinda feel. it's the place you go every Friday night with your friends for the best pizza in Columbus. so maybe not the most kid friendly at night because of a rougher crowd. but this is my favorite place in Columbus. you'll want the smokin joes crust.,|,
my favorite place in all of atlanta.  get the regular wings (not boneless), a cold beer off draft, kick back and watch some sports.  what could be better in this world?,|,
My fiance and I love getting Riverside Pizza on the days we don't feel like cooking. The price is good for a sumptuous meal, and the drive-thru is very convenient. I usually take about 10-12 minutes to get my order hot and fresh, and I almost always order a side of (yummy) breadsticks and marinara sauce.  In all, this is a very affordable place with some delicious pizzas. It is worth checking out if you live in this area.,|,
Prices are hard to beat and it is in a central location.  What more could you want from a liquor store?  The traffic around the location can be heavy, making your trip turn in a much longer one.  Also, the store is kept as clean as can be, but the dull smell of a liquor store is omnipresent.  You'll run into some interesting (?) people at Kappy's, just be prepared for it.  With the savings you'll get on your purchase, it is worth it.,|,
This restaurant is fantastic. The atmosphere is delightful. The lady attending to me was cheerful & rapid. Everything I tasted was wonderful. The rice was flavourful & cooked to perfection. The curry was the best I've had in Orlando. You must try this restaurant. I'm pleasantly surprised. I'll be back.,|,
This restaurant served very authentic and delicious Greek food, as well as great Tiramisu. However, the only thing that crossed my mind was that it was kind of overpriced for some of the items.,|,
Not worth the trip. Small portion or giant plates? You decide. Bad service and low quality food. Very loud in the restaurant. I honestly can't figure out how they stay in business.,|,
I don't know why I am so in love with this place!! I think of it at least once a day! Everytime I go I try to have something different but lately keep having the smoked salmon "burger" which is awesome. The fries are to die for with the smoked mayo (I wish I could make that at home) the burgers are a perfect size, they have a full bar and the place is cool looking. The only negative is when you order a shake it takes for freaking EVER!! 3 times my food got to my table before the shake did!,|,
Decent food at reasonable prices. Ambiance is odd though.,|,
I'm not an expert in the authentic Chinese food field, but I would eat their pan fried pork buns (Shanghai style) every day.,|,
Pasta Primavera with chicken was pretty good. Please don't charge another $2.25 for a kids drink on top of $6 for just noodles on the kids menu. We won't be back if it cost us $30 to feed our 3 kids noodles and a coke! And the house bread for the table looked like they bought bagged rolls at HEB....please serve foccacia or ciabatta or something besides a regular roll at an Italian restaurant.,|,
I stopped by February 20,2013  and found the place didn't exist so I went to the mall customer service desk and was told they went out of business in November 2012.,|,
Wonderful experience! Most pain free brow wax I've ever had and Lexie was wonderfully understanding with my pickiness in getting all the little hard to see white hairs!  And there's no tipping so what seems pricey is actually more affordable than you think. Will definitely be back!,|,
Stopped here for Lunch and sat at the bar. Service was outstanding. Ordered the daily special of shishito peppers the second I heard it was on the menu. They were cooked perfectly and even came with a tortilla sauce on the side which was fantastic. Lobster Roll was perfect with a side of slaw and fries were as well. Can't wait to return!,|,
My favorite place to go for ramen. Really great broth and noodles but gets packed really fast and it's s small place so seating can be limited.,|,
Food was great!  Service was outstanding!  Our son has a peanut allergy and the chef came to our table to ensure that what he ordered was prepared safe. Great sports bar atmosphere but has enough local flare to remind you that you're not at home. We vacation to Orlando often and will definitely be back!!,|,
Recently enjoyed a family feast at Comfort and all were pleased with the food, drink, service and venue overall.  The meats are prepared to perfection and creatively paired with tasty sides.,|,
Just amazing food! It reminded us of the pizza we ate in Amalfi, Italy! We got the prosciutto pizza and mushroom risotto! Sooo yumm! I wish we could try more things here! Great service, the lady we had was so sweet and attentive! Great beer on draft!,|,
Finally got a chance to check out this restaurant after driving by it daily. It was well worth the wait. Although the name of the dishes were unfamiliar, the taste was down home yumminess. The short ribs and potatoes were so good, the gomen(collards) were tangy and scrumptious. The service was quick, efficient, and polite. Will be back soon.,|,
Really delicious every time we come here. Sometimes the wait is pretty long and not worth it, but if you're lucky you can find a spot at the bar to sit and eat and drink at.  The crab cakes are really tasty and the cocktails are refreshing. Would recommend, if you haven't tried it yet!,|,
I came here on Dec. 30. I have been here many times. The food is usually good and this time was no different. It is disappointing to see that they have now added a tea fee.,|,
About to check out after a 3 night stay. Checked in Saturday morning at 9 am, and was so surprised to find that my room was ready for me. That was a huge perk to be able to go to the room directly after my flight and freshen up before heading out. The room was very clean, with an excellent view. Hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. Overall wonderful experience, and I will definitely stay here again for my next Orlando trip.,|,
Awesome foods, but parking is a little dicey. Strongly suggest uber.  Based on a Yelp review, I had the pork tenderloin medallions and am glad I did.  Definitely a repeat order.,|,
The curly headed blonde boy at the concession stand was utterly rude and condescending. The absolute worst service I have ever received. For a high classy theater, this server is not trained to provide a delightful customer experience yet one that is obnoxious and undermining. He needs to go or more customers will.,|,
The OJ was outstanding and worth the wait. The food was perfectly cooked and seasoned good portion size. In a weird way I almost wish they were smaller so I could've tried more in one trip. If I could change one thing it would be to make the indoor seating area a little quieter and that's definitely not a dealbreaker.,|,
All time favorite while working in Atlanta. Great people, food and of course great vibe.  Mas hot chicas on Thursday and Sunday,|,
I moved East earlier this year, and I recently discovered that I can get delivery from Green Basil!  Their web site is a little ambiguous about it, but they definitely do deliver and the food is every bit as good as in the restaurant.  :)  Their lunch specials are great, but if you really want to experience Green Basil you need to go for dinner and order off of the "real" menu - the lunch stuff is just a sample of what they can do.,|,
As a Chinese guy, I should say taste of this restaurant's hotpot is boring. Worst than make hotpot at home. Eating at here is waste of time.,|,
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  Truly the best selection of beer in the Boston area, and the folks that work here are knowledgeable, friendly and FUN.  Make sure you check it out, and take your dog if you've got one, they're pet friendly!,|,
This is a pretty standard american thai place that is amazing for take out, though not the greatest atmosphere for dining in. The pad thai was done well, relatively cheap and ready in 15 minutes, and comes in one of those cool plastic containers I hold on to bring lunch in the next few days.,|,
Everything is delicious! The salad bar is great, everything tastes fresh. But don't fill up too much because the meat is the best part. My favorites are the flank steak and the house sirloin. And they have my favorite dessert in the world; the bananas foster pie! Soooo good!!!,|,
I usually hit this place up when I'm near Gabriel Park. Service has always been good and the coffee has been even better. There's plenty of seating for kids, creaky old kneed people, and just about everyone else in between.   Update: just tried the tea today- it's also worthwhile. Love this place!,|,
I bought my fiancées engagement ring here back in February and proposed in April. The amount of compliments she is still receiving on the ring is incredible. Kevin was extremely helpful, informative and courteous. I cannot say enough good things and am excited to go back for our wedding bands.,|,
Convenient. Nice employees. But a little over-priced and slow if you're not chilling & enjoying the view which is what Alta's is all about,|,
Everything about their fish and chips is wonderful! The batter, the fish, the YUMMY tartar, and tasty fries. We've been back several times.,|,
Have had the blessing to have eaten here a couple of times.  Really good food and service (by the owner and his wife is the cook).  Very pleasant dining at reasonable pricing.  We are going back!!!!,|,
Want a healthy lunch with all you can eat? Come here for soup and salad for under $6 there are 3 kinds of soup you can choose from serving with soft bread stick. The sausage soup with potato is hit and fresh. The best part you can switch to the other soups any time you like.,|,
Basing our review on Dineout 2015:  Appy:  Soup is good, ox tongue is good too   Main course: Arctic Char has good texture but less flavor and mysteriously whitish than normal Arctic Char. Yak stew is à good hearty one with strong herbal kick. The marrow butter is Heaven.  Dessert: Chocolate pudding is not bad but a bit starchy. Apple tart was cold, but i will give it a pass for the sake of Earnest ice cream.,|,
Fabulous.  One of my fav places for lunch or dinner in the back bay.  Not too pricy always great food and good service.  LOVE the hot and cold chicken salad.  Great salad and sandwich selection.  Worth the long wait!,|,
I seriously love Belly. When I'm in town visiting family from Los Angeles i make a point to stop in a minimum of twice during a trip. The Rosemary bagels are fluffy and tasty and the fresh OJ is awesome!,|,
This place is not even packed and it took 30 min to be seated and is now taking another 15 min to get a server. Fried tomatoes was beyond salty; felt my blood pressure increasing with each bite. Waiter didn't bring any napkins till 15 min after the food came out. FOOD AND SERVICE HORRIBLE!!!!,|,
My wife and I have been going there for 6 years now. He does great work. They see my tattoos they ask me who done it. So I send them his way,|,
Interesting... I thought I wrote a review here already!  Anyways, I came here in January when the place was fairly new.  Saw the restaurant on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservation"  Arriving at the restaurant there was a line already, we made it in though!  You actually sit next to strangers if you sit at a smaller table.  Can't remember all the dishes we ordered but nothing was really AMAZING!  Good dishes and not so good dishes.,|,
Came here for a double date and had a great time with my friends. I realize that if you wanna have fantastic brunch in Atlanta, you need to get up really early. It turned out that Egg Cafe is worth the sleepless pain. I like the lobster scrambler a lot! The porched eggs are amazing! Especially if you put it on English muffins, so yummy! The preserves are fresh too. Ground coffee is good too! And orange juice is so fresh. Not a big fun of the whole wheat pancakes, they are just normal.,|,
This was my first visit to Babette's and it will not be the last.  A standout was the service.  John was exceptional and I will return to Babette's just because of his service.  The food was very good and the atmosphere was perfect.  Reservations were easy to make online and parking was valet.  Babette's does everything well.  I wouldn't change a thing.,|,
Great service! Quick, free minor repair to glasses I didn't even buy from them. Great business development strategy! I'll give them business for sure.,|,
Monica took care of us. My friend Darin loves to be finger fed and they aim to please. My wife tried to sneak a tequila in but got busted, but we don't hold it against the establishment. Did I just burb barley or swine? (quote of the night),|,
I was excited to try Colombian food! Glad we were recommended this place by the Hyatt Airport hotel valet - food has some really good flavor and portions were big! We had mofongo, arepas con queso, bandeja de paisa dish with their chicharron, skirt steak, chorizo/blood sausage, pechuga de pollo con camarones. We also had a big party coming in and luckily we were able to be seated right away. Service was very nice. Will be back when in Orlando again!,|,
A friend introduced me to Siddhartha's Kitchen not to long ago.  The owner is a great guy, friendly and knows how to treat customers with respect.    It took some time but I have tried almost every dish on the menu, now knowing that the food and atmosphere is amazing, I have since invited all my friends to his restaurant.  I have not been to a better Indian Restaurant in Vancouver; Siddhartha's Kitchen is my favorite place to go.,|,
Amazing food! Had it delivered and it arrived so quickly. Flavored and seasoned so well. The Jerk chicken was amazing, the curry chicken, plantains, cabbage, peas and rice, and the oxtail dinner all cooked to perfection. Wow! If you Want a burst of great Flavor and fulfilling food. Try this place. Best Jamaican I've had in a long time! I give it more than 5 stars! 10 stars.,|,
I wish DAT FIRE much success, they are in the right spot at the right time. The jerk, the rice, everything is on point.  Blessings,|,
Needed a pedicure asap and decided to stop here. This visit wasn't my first, was here a few years ago. They have a good variety of colors to choose from mostly OPI and China Glaze. Even though they were people here before me, the wait wasn't too long. Don't know the name of the lady who did my pedicure but she did a good job, and was pleasant. Also the price for a pedicure isn't bad. Will be back for my next pedicure when I'm in the area.,|,
Tried the red velvet chicken and waffles and strawberry stuffed French toast. Both were great and delicious. The waffle didn't taste like red velvet but, the chicken was seasoned to perfection!! I think I may have to tell my mom I found someone that makes chicken better than her!,|,
Always good food. Good beer.  Margherita pizza and Mariano pizza are delish.  Not badly priced either.,|,
The salesperson was really helpful and they are able to give swatches of any in-stock fabric which is a huge help in deciding. They have a beautiful selection of neutrals and funky stuff and everything is high quality. They weren't able to definitively recommend an upholstery service but I can use Yelp for that. Def recommend.,|,
This place rocks! Highly recommend the bacon wrapped dolmas. Seafood in the salads always cooked perfectly. Plenty of tasty food for s great price. Octopus is tender, tuna and salmon full of flavor and cooked just right. Always good to see a place where the employees are happy and the wait is short.,|,
Went to this place for Lunch. The tacos were super good and so was the service. The rice was amazing too. I would def be back.,|,
This is one of three locations! I absolutely love their coffee and their staff is always friendly. Parking can be difficult during peak hours though!,|,
The Godfather was delicious and super unique! Staff was very friendly and helpful. Their organic sodas were also a lot of fun to try!,|,
I'm surprised how overly sugary a lot of their donuts are. I prefer Tim Hortons or Voodoo Donuts even though they use a lot of sugar too, at least theirs taste better.,|,
Great little cafe!  This cafe in the south end makes me want to move there!    The best spot to  people watch.. it's esp fun in South End bc of the fashionable gay community.  My waiters at the cafe were so fabulous with their nails painted, i loved it so much!  so much personality and fun there.  even the bathroom is clean and unique looking. ha  Can't wait to go back!,|,
Really nice little hidden gem.  The servers are very attentive, the menu is extensive and the food is really good.  Great atmosphere and I like that the bar is tucked away from the restaurant.,|,
Amazing place to chow down on something new, Fried Okras were AMAZING!, 3 Guidos AMAZING!, funky monkey with extra bacon AMAZING! and the chicken fried chicken with country gravy and habanero jam AMAZING!!!!!,|,
I am wanting a facial right now but it is Sunday. Maybe you'll have something Tuesday or Wednesday this week. Yeah! I got one for Wednesday. Thank you Maison Esthetique Christiane Bourque Spa. I'll be dreaming of it the next three nights.,|,
Mmmmm!! Very good food and fun atmosphere. This place is BUSY on Friday nights...we checked in at 7pm (after the usual dinner rush) and still had to wait 20 minutes...so make a reservation if you can! Also, their parking lot is tiny, so be prepared to walk a block or two once you find street parking. This place is definitely worth it though! I plan to come back many times.,|,
Variety of food and timely service. A good spot for vegetarians too. They are situated in a great location that makes it easily accessible too.,|,
I ordered a meal w/ one side, and two regular order of sides - enough food for two people. Chicken express employees decided to squeeze all of this food into one yellow box - meant for one person. I'm allergic to okra and there was so little room in the box that my biscuit was completely smashed by the side of okra...yum. Please choose many of the other establishments that share the block with these idiots.,|,
We started out at the Rattle Inn to celebrate the bf's bday, and it was my first time going. The roof top has an amazing view of Austin's skyline. We were there pretty early in the night so there wasnt a lot of people, but the lay out can handle quite a few people. The bartenders were nice and the drinks were great for the price.  I'll def. Be back.,|,
Tried the red velvet tonight and it was very good. It was actually satisfying, and not overly sweet. Definitely check this truck out!,|,
I had the beef stew with the French bread and I don't know maybe I just really like bread but the French bread was awesome. Also they have so many more choices on the menu then pho which was refreshing to see. This place is huge.,|,
omg- I love this store!  I love the amazeballs staff. I have been on a TWO year search- yes TWO years- for the "perfect" pair of jeans- and Shondra found them and *insisted* I try them on. I bought them in every style and hue- the girl knows her sh*t.  No matter how much I vow not to buy- I always end up with a bag in my hand.   Constantly and consistently a great experience every time I shop there.  highly recommend,|,
My first Ethiopian food experience, and surely not my last. Absolutley loved it. I had no idea what I was doing, but the menu was very accessible to a rookie and the staff was happy to offer recommendations. I recommend the tibs (I had chicken, but it all looked great), with shiro (a sauce they pour over it) and injera.,|,
Healthy, fresh, flavorful combinations or make your own salads. Fresh real juice! Really friendly employees! Will be frequenting often.,|,
I think the worst part was sitting at a bar being served by a bartender with no personality and little bar knowledge. For Christ sakes, if you don't know how to make a martini, look it up, or don't be a bartender. Other than that, decently priced food, lots of tv's!,|,
Love everything about bodega! This is a great place to come at the end of a night and have one last beer before heading home.  They are just cool guys who know beer and want to share their knowledge!,|,
Nice surprise!  Was in drinking some great drink specials, decided to try the 2 for 1 entree special, was excellent!   Scallops were cooked perfectly, definitely fresh and at 1/2 price you can't get a deal like that I Boston!!!  Nice dinner, great prices and worth a visit,|,
The last couple of times I've come to town all I hear from my friends is "Matador Matador Matador" I've been here a few times now and I'd give it about 3.5 stars. I guess it's a little unfair that someone who regularly gets to eat homemade tamales and Fresh Mexican soup in So. Cal is writing this review, but that's how it is.  The food is fine. And cocktails are great (hence 3.5 total stars). Cute ambiance, maybe if I were sitting in the bar I'd be blown away. I dunno...,|,
I received a total hack job. I asked for help on the sides and the stylist asked me what size do I want. I would never go back there even if I was paid to do so. My haircut looks like it was by a blind man with a weed wacker.,|,
The ice cream here is amazing! Buuuuuuut the people behind the counter were so high that I had to tell them my order multiple times and had to watch them clumsily out my order together. Not a terrible experience but not that great either. I'd come back for the ice cream, not the service.,|,
I love the FLiP concept AND I love their food. The burgers are consistent and VERY flavorful. Their fries are truly epic and of course, those shakes are a must.,|,
A colleague gave me a gift card for this donut place and that was my first introduction to  the wonderful world of Blue Star Donuts. The Hard apple cider fritters were heavenly and so were the blueberry bourbon Basil .  My favorite donut place in the city !,|,
Between Katz's and Bagel World, I think these are the two best local bagels. The Katz bagels are smaller and more what I have come to think of as "Boston-style." I grew up in NYC, but I think a good bagel is a good bagel no matter where you are. And Katz, he makes a good bagel. I haven't been there in a while, but now after reading all these reviews, I will just have to find an excuse to go into Chelsea!,|,
Bacco is good. Not the best food in the world, but certainly good. I came for restaurant week, so the prices that everyones complaining about didn't factor in. The service was a little slow, but the drinks were really good, so that made up for it.,|,
We brought some friends from Morocco to Edible Canada as we wanted to treat them to Canadian cuisine. We had an overall nice experience, and felt that the food was cooked with integrity (my steak was delicious). The service was a little sloppy, as the waitress did not build rapport or romance the menu. Based on the quality of service I would not classify this as fine dining, but casual dining.,|,
I just finished an excellent lunch at Ming Court. The service by Joe was exceptional and the meal was delicious. I had the Chinese broccoli, shrimp dim sum and a tuna roll. All were amazing. I'd come back here anytime.,|,
Solid joint with pretty excellent BBQ. They dont run out of things which is excellent. So if you want great BBQ without the line. This is your place.  Beef Rib is massive. Be ready to know what youre getting yourself into.  Sides you serve yourself and all of them are delightful.   Brisket is really solid here. Not amazing, but really darn good. Pork ribs are really solid. Sausage is a go-to as well.,|,
this place is very nice.  the food was good, though they were busy so the service was a little slow.  but it was nice to sit inside and have a nice meal in the middle of an amusement park.  we also didn't have reservations, but we only had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  the green beans were yummy and the curry i had was delicious.  it's definitely good for park food, though a bit pricy.  i would eat here again.,|,
I recently stopped in here on Sunday while running errands with my kids and was pleasantly surprised by the whole experience. The restaurant was clean, the staff was friendly, the food was fresh and good and it was surprisingly affordable. We had a nice, filling meal of real food (beans, rice, vegetables, grilled chicken) for less than I would have paid at McDonalds. Bonus: they had TVs tuned to the Pats game so I even got to watch some football. Highly recommend this restaurant!,|,
Excellent dosas, service extremely slow and staff inattentive. Waited 55 minutes to get our food when other tables who entered much later than us received their food. Maybe they forgot our order? Was hoping they would apologize and give me a water refill but still took another 25 minutes to pay and get a to-go box. If I came back, it would definitely be a to-go order. High rating on food, need to address their service skills.,|,
Living in Dallas and Phoenix, I should have known better than to eat at a Mexican restaurant in Boston.  The atmosphere was nice, the service was friendly, but the food is not authentic and not very good.  The best part was the white sangria...that was tasty!,|,
The food has gone downhill and cheap over the past year.  I ordered there so called "jumbo wings" and they were smaller than BW3.  On a second occasion I ordered a steak sandwich.  The bun weighed more than the amount of meat.  Finally, on another occasion I ordered the nachos and they used cheese sauce, like you would get at a baseball game.  The food is not inexpensive and you would not expect this quality.  Do I need to say more....,|,
Wonderful food, great prices! Happy hour skinny drink with upside down beer was awesome!!!,|,
Not only was the food top notch, Mia and Duncan provided superb service. Must try if you love hot pot. -Texas Girl,|,
Recently enjoyed a morning visit here. The ham and cheese omelet was delicious and better than I expected. Portions are good size with ought being obnoxiously too much. Hashbrowns were delicious and I enjoyed the little taste of fruit to go with my meal. It's a small space but would definitely be great to enjoy the patio during a nice day. My only complaint was there's no parking lot and it seems a lot of the neighborhood parks on the street, but definitely will be back!,|,
This place is so great. We came here a couple days after moving to Hingham and could not have been more pleased to find this gem - casual, welcoming, and incredibly tasty. She had the burger special, I had the shepherd's pie. We both had Guinness (the rumors are true - it is indeed a fantastic pull), and we both left with huge smiles.  We'll be back again soon, and many times thereafter...,|,
I've been coming here for years and they have always been helpful but the workers today are especially nasty! I love the weekday crew compared to these grumblers. I spent over 50$ here and the least they could do is be polite. Boo on the barista and boo on the lady at the register. The only friendly one was the blonde girl who seemed to be the lowest on the totem pole. No thanks for you guys.,|,
Had the fish sandwich and fish tacos.  They were excellent.  Hand made.  The staff was friendly and personable.  Will certainly be back.,|,
The food is, by and large, less deserving of its price.  If you're looking for pricey AND awesome food, there are many places in Austin that will serve you well.  Why three stars then?  Cru has an encyclopedic wine list that will please just about anyone.  The seating is great for groups though the lighting is a little too subdued for my taste.  If you're looking for wine with less regard for food, Cru is a great choice for you.,|,
Veteran bartenders.  Quality food.  Staple beers.  I always have a down to earth time here.,|,
First off, as others have said, it's the Waffle House of Korean food. It's open 24 hours. It's fast, and it's great at curing that late night Korean craving.  I almost always get the bibimbap, and sometimes with tofu soup, as well. The banchan is usually good. The service is decent. The ambiance is minimal.   I really do wish that other Korean food joints would go 24/7, but until then, 88 Tofu House will have my heart for late night eats.,|,
This place is the great place to shop if you always wanted to get clothing, assesories, etc at a cheaper price. And I also love that the color featured for the week is 50% off, which beats the regular price.,|,
Beautiful setting. The patio area is great for a date night!   However, I felt that was all this place had. We ordered truffle fries and shishito peppers and were not impressed. We also ordered cocktails which were very watered down.. We left after one round.   Service was good. The waitress made sure to come around often.,|,
The place was very colorful when we walked in. They had amazing handmade guacamole that you could watch being made right by your table. They give you and needless stream of chips and salsa which was amazing. Our food plate was enormous and I couldn't even eat it all. My fajita was great and I liked the refried beans. Our waiter was really nice and very friendly.,|,
Everything was amazing here. The veggies on my chicken pita were so good. The falafel was made right then and there and very tasty with the sauce it came with. The fries were so good I even ate the tiny pieces.   Last minute I decided to get a small hummus to go and I'm so glad I did! Next time I'll get it without the chopped jalapeños that I made the boyfriend eat off the top. It was so good though!,|,
None of my topping were cooked for some reason and hardly any cheese whatsoever.  Strange for a pizza place.    Gave more than one star because they were friendly.,|,
Wicked good pizza very friendly and cute staff, definitely coming back after stopping in on a whim,|,
Stopped by for a margarita with a few friends. Service was terrible.  Went to the bar for clarification about a friends drink order and was shocked at how rude the bartender was. She was curt, short and bitchy. Not to mention the horrific smell of sewage when I entered. Good customer service may have over shadowed some of this. I was embarassed to have even suggested this place to my friends .. Iwill NEVER come back, again.,|,
Catherine was a sweet heart and welcoming. I got there Saturday afternoon around 8pm, NO LINE! Service was quick.,|,
Server was awesome, prices a bit high but lovely variety of shrimp. Lobster tail was yummy! Corn fritters were a yummy hit and more of a dessert as not very corny lol,|,
Excellent food and great service; shout out to our server Xavier; this is authentic Mexican food;  fajitas mixta was excellent.  This place is where local Mexicans go for Mexican food - that's got to be good.,|,
Annette was very sweet and courteous and both my and my friend's Mango Fusion smoothies were delicious! Keep up the great work, Annette!,|,
Metropolis has the best customer service - hands down.  Always willing to drop what they're working on to help diagnose and fix a problem and send you back out on the road as quickly as possible.  I'm pretty good at diagnosing and fixing problems as they arise, but whenever I'm stuck Metropolis comes to the rescue! Thanks, Metropolis!,|,
We live in the neighborhood and today was the second time we've walked in to no hostess. Zero. No one greeted us. Last time we walked to the bar section and sat down for about 15 minutes before we were noticed. Today, after waiting for a few minutes, we left and walked to Logan's where we were immediately greeted by two people and promptly seated by the fireplace.,|,
So delicious! The deviled eggs are great, but the tacos really steal the show. Didn't try any large plates this trip since we wanted to make our meal more like tapas. We can't wait to go back and try even more!,|,
Great service, friendly staff, ample and comfortable seating, food better than average although some items could use refinement. Maybe fewer menu items made more thoughtfully a good idea. Nice local establishment, party-friendly, and cool solar power on roof. Try the pizza bread bowl at lunch, great lunch specials at great prices. Twilight Zone calzone also gigantic and delicious.,|,
I live in New York City, where we have an abundance of bakeries, cup cake shops, and fine restaurants and cafes.  But nothing I've tasted here (or anywhere, really) compares to White's strawberry and whipped cream cake that my family orders for birthdays throughout the year.  It is the BEST. CAKE. EVER. I plan my annual summer trip home around a birthday just so I know I'll have some!,|,
The two girls working were so sweet and told me multiple times to let them know if I didn't like my drink because they knew I was trying something new, fast and friendly service at this location!!,|,
Way over priced. Food quality was really bad. Noise in the place was way to loud for any kind if conversation. Took an hour to be seated. Had to send my food back and have them take it off the check. Couldnt eat it. Burnt and tasteless. In summary, too loud, too expensive, bad service, food really really aweful. Would have preferred going to Dennys.,|,
If you are in Sandford,  this is a must place to eat. Excellent food and exceptional service.  The deluxe potato cakes were devine.,|,
Nicely done! Kind of homey and very tasty. Yep I like it.,|,
Great food, tastes very authentic. Friendly service. Good atmosphere. The pad thai is the best I've ever had. Easily affordable, a group of four people can walk out of there spending just over 10 bucks each and be completely stuffed.,|,
So this is an ok donut place. But that's not what I expected. I expected great donuts and great selection (Donut King). But there are ok donuts and few to choose from. Industrial setting (poor lighting, inside the kitchen atmosphere). Good service. Expensive donuts that taste like Dunkin Donuts. Three kids and two adults that love sweets and nobody ate more than a few bites from each. Not really planning on going back. :(,|,
Solid Food. Tasty sauces. Andes mints with your check.  I too have to give it up to the Music Videos. You can't help but watch the TV. For that same reason, it's not a great place to try to carry on a quiet conversation.,|,
Located close to capitol makes is feasible to access.. Breakfast was very good, thier jalapeño cheddar bread was different and tasty, me and my husband loved it, gaining a Star for it.  I had the Diablo, combo of egg the bread and Chipotle sauce was very good.  Service was polite and fast, giving a star for it It is not a very big and fancy place, rather a small one. It is a very basic, just enough restaurant.,|,
Decent regional chain (ok..only 3 locations but I expect they will expand).  I've only been to, and probably would only frequent, the Newton location.  Honestly, I think Legal has absolutely nothing on this place.    I also like the bar which is chill and works pretty well for an after-work cocktail.,|,
Horrible place! Hotel gave us a 10% off so we went there. We gave the coupon to our server right when we sat down. When the bill came at the end she told us the coupon wasn't valid for what we ordered. If you like dealing with used car salesman this is a great place to go!,|,
It was good. I put it on par with Shake Shack with a few less choices. Very simple menu. There's a double patty hamburger, single party hamburger and a veggie burger. The hotdog was very plump like braatwurst. Retrospectively, the food was a bit expensive, but hey, you gotta eat. I would return.,|,
Enjoyed the tap room.  Lots of interesting flavors mixed into their beers for craft brew week, like coco puffs stout!  The drumsticks were great with chunks of blue cheese....the hummus was not (i don't think there was any tahini in the mix and it was coarsely ground).,|,
Great food and drinks.  Good atmosphere and friendly staff.  Had the French dip prime rib which was amazing.,|,
Awful. Bad Service. Average overpriced sushi. Dirty. We went on a Saturday night. The waitress rushed us and pretty much tossed our food on the table as she ran by. My Husband's meal came out about 25 minutes before my sushi. We didn't have napkins or a silverware and had to ask several times. There were three fly's flying around our heads the entire time. I will never be going back.,|,
I came here because of a groupon, otherwise, I probably wouldn't come here. The price is a bit on a pricy side for the food they serve. I think the groupon makes a difference.  Though, I had their lunch special before and it is reasonable.   I recommend the crunch roll and chicken teriyaki lunch box.,|,
Went for lunch today. Wow! Best wings I ever had. Had the donkey flavor. Loved it. Nice atmosphere and a ton of tvs to watch games. They have good appetizer specials as well. Five stars.,|,
My husband and I stopped by for a 'nibble and sip' while window shopping on a Sunday afternoon and had a lovely time! Not to be Pollyanna but it was just one of those 'what a lovely afternoon to sit on a patio and doing a little people watching with a N&S?' and what did we find on the menu but a Patio Wines wine flight!?! We also had the classic cheese flight and the steam mussels, both were delish.,|,
Been here for lunch and dinner and love it!   Service was lacking one time but I think it was a fluke thing. Beautiful restaurant with a nice patio. Bustles and is a bit loud at peak times but the food is beautifully presented and delicious.,|,
Damn good Sandwich (Porchetta) . We ordered it take-away for the Plane ride back to Honolulu. They put mustard inside which was really good.  We noticed Meat & Bread as we were walking back from Nuba where we had a really good lunch.,|,
Best Mongolian beef in the town! Nice service, neat environment~ friendly staff! They also have tasty Boston cream cake, I like that one a lot! I  ordered masama curry shrimp, and it's surprisingly good, the sauce is mild, with cashew nuts and avocado*^_^*,|,
This place is overrated. We ordered like 10 small plates during lunch time. The only dish that I will recommend is the ribs. Bao is super salty. We ordered the pork belly boa and beef bao, both are super salty. Other dishes we ordered taste weird and we didn't finish them even these are serviced in small portion. My first time and it will be my last time going. The service is Ok.,|,
Great breakfast sandwich at a great price!   If this is possible, more bacon than was needed. It quality of bacon was superb.  Cheese was high quality (gruyere or Swiss I believe).  Menu is diverse with lots of hidden treats.   I'm definitely coming back to explore other areas of their menu!   To top it off their espresso macchiato was perfectly prepared and served.,|,
We were hesitant to try a Japanese fusion restaurant but so glad we did. Standouts for me were the uni sushi which was creamy and sublime and the fried milk dessert.  As other reviewers have stated the prices were hefty for what was served and this is with our NYC frame of reference.,|,
I love hounddogs pizza. The staff are very polite and they have the biggest plate of nachos I uqve ever seen.,|,
Pizza was really good, the environment was really dope! Good music and good people! Would even be a great place to take the kids out to!,|,
Best burger ever. Try the GF bun, you won't regret it. We take all of our out of town friends to hop doddy, just to show off Austin. Great food, fast service, giant beers, perfect location.,|,
Excellent place if you're in need of a  ramen fix, but don't want to stand in the lines at the other places.  Portion size is enormous and the Sprouting Ramen is delicious.,|,
Great tap selection and huge bottled selection. The bartender always seems to be super knowledgeable about the offerings. I'm obsessed with the vanilla clove cider they've had for the last few weeks. Great little spot!,|,
I had the lamburger and sweet potato tots. The food was great and the service was as well. No one at the table left any food on their plates. The only thing we were all disappointed with was the fact that the sides were a separate charge. The server asked each of us if we wanted fries, chips or tots with our burgers which to us implied that it was a packaged meal; the bill stated otherwise. I just wish she would have made it clear and not have made it seem as if it all came together.,|,
If you are staying in the division or hawthorn neighborhood you must go here! The honey lavender latte is incredible and the dirty chai latte is outstanding! Perfectly balanced, not to sweet, and a prefect place to start your day! Staff is also very friendly.. I will be back every time I come to Portland! Thank you so much!,|,
Lunch specials are good. Ample parking and the services was great. Looking for bento boxes and buttery Escobar this is your place.,|,
Our favorite sushi spot!  The yellowtail jalapeno shots are mouth-watering! All of their rolls are innovative and delicious! The service is great and the past few times we have gone, we were seated immediately without reservations.,|,
I love this place. The dim lighting and the dark furniture sets the perfect mood.  The drinks are delicious. I ordered a cucumber martini that was so potent and refreshing.  We went in and the place was packed.  My friend was in crutches and couldn't stand.  She didn't even have to ask for help, the hostess seated us promptly.  The calamari was good, but a small portion.    The bathroom was modern and clean.,|,
NeWorlDeli has become our family's standard go to for hiding from the world. They have good comfort food to escape from the bustle.   Tuna melt with tomato basil soup is the best. They have gluten-free breads which is a plus for my family. It is a must try if you haven't been there yet.,|,
Decent pizza, fast delivery.  My complaint is their use of just tomato paste for their sides of marinara.  Cmon!,|,
I have been dinning at Hale's for years! I've eaten in and have ordered to go. The service and food is always great! The servers are friendly and food comes out pretty fast. I've never had a bad meal here. My favorites to order our their club house, omelettes, and strawberry French Rollups! I definitely will be back for more!,|,
I like this place so much!! I think it's not the best bubble tea in town though, this place is my personal favorite in Vancouver.:3 I really like the cute dragon drawing on the container and the sign. I like they open until 11pm or 12pm, and I like the sweet milky flavor of bubble teas~ The taste is so simple and it's tasty enough for easy and comfy time with my people~ I also like they have a big menu! I'll definitely go back to feel my past memory when I visit Vancouver again~~,|,
They have good food, but is seriously not the same without Crazy Bitch Bingo every Wednesday night!!!!,|,
pretty good/cheap subs.  we still call it bhob even though its now technically bhorb.   chicken fingah dinnah! wicked bum-tuck ked!,|,
This place is great!  The food is awesome and the service is great!  The food is prepared very quickly, and they were so kind to bring us dessert on the house, not once, but TWICE!  Well deserved 5 star review, I will definitely be back!,|,
Wow, it hard to imagine this to be worse. Super slow, poor service.  Hard bread (not fresh). No receipt. Had to ask twice for water.  But the kicker was the cookies. My husband ordered 2 raisin and one chic chip cookie. First we were told there were no raisin cookies, even though we could SEE them. She nodded when we pointed that out, and she sold us the two cookies, then immediately turned around and dumped the rest of the cookies on the tray into the trash. SERIOUSLY??,|,
This is a great place never new it was here. Thanks yelp!. Great sunday brunch spot. They have music and you can bring your dogs. I had shrimp and grits and they were good I have had better but for a coffee shop can't go wrong. Also I heard the Benedict is good as well. The muffin is not huge so it does not take away from the dish. So all in all pretty cool place in the middle of cherrywood.,|,
First visit to Buenos Aires for a date on a rainy night. They sat us right by the front window. [insert big sigh here], que romántico!  Food was delicious and so was the wine. Mmmpanadas! I've seen some Groupons for them lately, which kind of surprised me, but I say go for it.   Not that I've participated, but they have Tango Thursdays!,|,
I'm a huge fan of ramen and Boston definitely lacks good places for a traditional ramen shop. Sapporo Ramen is by far my favorite. I always go for their Tan Tan broth. DELICIOUS!   Positives: wonderful ramen for a decent price.  Negatives: rude regular waitress and cash only.,|,
Never ask for help from store manager Billy! He is a moron. We asked for help, and he avoided helping us at all costs. He immediately tossed our questions aside, and proceeded to scream for Rebecca repeatedly becoming agitated that she wasn't able to meet his immediate needs. What did he do next you ask... , keep screaming for Rebecca like there's a god damn fire happening in the toddler section. Billy, you suck at your job, and I hope corporate reads my post.,|,
With four people we tried four different appetizers and entrees. Each was fantastic and we're looking forward to another four. Definitely a fan.,|,
I bought a pair of Palladium boots here this week, and I'm really happy with my whole experience.  The gentleman who was working there was really helpful and friendly.  I had a couple of different ones that I wanted to try on, and he actually suggested that I start by trying on the least expensive ones - how about that for a salesperson!  I thought they had a nice selection, and I'll probably be back.,|,
Loved it! The food was spectacular. I got the Cajun chicken rigatoni dish, and it was phenomenal. I will definitely be back!,|,
There is nothing that this bar offers that you can't get practically anywhere else. I don't like to throw this word around but I honestly feel this place is racist. I've seen them not let in my African American friends for their attire when there were other patrons right behind him dressed the same. When I pointed it out I was told "He must have changed once he got in". DON'T give them your money.,|,
I like this place! Every time I visit Boulder, I make it a point to make breakfast/brunch reservations. My routine is pretty consistent - frisée salad, ham and cheese crepes, side of bacon, warm croissant and a salty dog (or two).   It's located across the street from the St. Julien Hotel. If visiting, check it out. There is a substantial selection of other French classics - I just listed my go to order.,|,
I stay in a lot of Hampton inn properties. This one is pretty typical. Except no wifi. Front desk personnel is much less than welcoming at night. Seeming by checking in we were making them work and bothering them. Also there was blood on the sheets. The waffle maker didn't work.   Just much less then what I've come to know on the consistent quality of Hampton inn properties.,|,
I love this place!  Great sandwiches, spring rolls and soups. Their sandwiches are a little more expensive than in Chinatown at $4 instead of the usual $3 but I feel it's a better sandwich with more filling.  The guy behind the counter, the owner I think, is always very pleasant, easy to get to location with ample parking.  This is my go to stop for Bahn Mi.,|,
Horrible.  Not sure who shit in the bartenders corn flakes.  Below average food.  Over priced.  Arrived in a great mood, left wondering how this place was still in business.,|,
The food is okay and I never seem to get good service here. Most of the time our server forgets we exist-- even if there's only five tables with people.,|,
Frito Pie with beans / brisket was great - big chunks of tender beef.  Enjoyed the variety of BBQ sauces and fixings they offer.,|,
Tried this place for the first time today and I love it!!! Yummy fluffy perfect donuts that won't break the bank. It's directly across from chamblee charter high, btw, in an unassuming little strip center. Reminds me of a donut and sandwich place out in Vegas that was equally yummy. I got a selection of a dozen donuts - plus two fritters- and paid $12 and change. Can't beat that.  Wish these things were actually a health food because I know I'll be back.,|,
I live near here and this place is great. The sandwiches are  great and so are the dinners / dishes you can order. It's quickly becoming my go to. The staff is friendly, they take pride in their food and the prices are very good for the portion sizes.  It's all quality stuff and you should give it a try.,|,
It's funny how you go to a restaurant like this and you think in the beginning that there is no way you will be full when you are done but I was soo wrong. My boyfriend and I split almost everything on the menu. I can say there was only one thing I didn't really care for but everything else was perfect. They do not take reservations though so be prepared for a wait no matter what time or day of the week.,|,
Really like this bar/restaurant. Inventive cocktails, really good wine options and great food! If you go for brunch order the biscuit. Happy hour fries are also super good!,|,
This place is the ONLY restaurant where each and every time, the food and service is exceptional. Harman (the owner) is so friendly and always takes time to come over and say hello. This facility is CLEAN, their meat is always cooked properly and the waiters and waitresses are nice. Best place for indian food by far...  I highly recommend the tandoori chicken tandoori prawns, butter chicken, Aloo-gobi (vegetarian dish) chick peas, garlic naan, paneer pakora, fish pakora, samosas and rice.,|,
If you are looking for a semi cool place to have a beer then this is your domain.  The food is only ok and the sushi is over priced for the size.   Take out is very slow.  Sad to say but I thunk sushi express have bigger pieces and it's cheaper!,|,
I found this Goodwill location a bit pricey, but the tradeoff is that the store is large, so your chances of finding what you're looking for are higher. In any case, nothing comes close to Goodwill's selection and prices for Halloween Costumes, and I often end up visiting 3 or 4 of their locations to find the perfect accessories. Anyway customers who buy Halloween contact lenses from me usually appreciate that I can tell them which Goodwill location has the best selection that year :),|,
The food is mediocre. The service is terrible. They messed up everyone's order. No one refilled our waters or brought out more bread, despite asking multiple people multiple times,|,
Best Chinese food ever!! So good! Fried rice was perfectly cooked not too dry. Orange chicken just spicy enough. Delivery accurate with time given.,|,
My family and I ate at Tiffins in Disney's Animal Kingdom this afternoon. The place is beautiful and thoroughly relaxing, the service was excellent. We also liked the food as well. It's a good place to go for a nice meal. I would still prefer Jiko but this was a satisfying choice.,|,
The savannah view was a unique and satisfying experience. The studio room was standard DVC although a bit darker because of the style and colors used to conform to the theme. I don't believe that it would be a comfortable walk from Kidani to Jambo House to take advantage of the amenities there.,|,
Average ramen noodle place. The spicy soup is not authentic; just a blob of paste in the center of dish.,|,
A various kind of frozen yogurt flavors.  My favorites are Red Velvet chocolate, Vanilla, and sorbet kiwi strawberry. For the topping ? Tried mango boba and strawberry boba. That things pop in your mouth and let the juicy flavor run your tongue.  People work there are extremely friendly. They gave us complimentary cookies. Did not give us side eyes when we taste a lot of flavors before we bought it.  Anyway, it's good and i think you should treat yourself to this.,|,
Went here for lunch today with the Fam. It was good, prices were decent ($10 - $12).  Good drinks and nice sevice.  They have live music and a large bar.  The place is not large but it has very nice large windows which open to the street.    I order the Swordfish kebabs with Cesar salad.  Very fresh, tasty and good portions.  I would come back if I am looking for a good lunch downtown.,|,
I think two stars is a little harsh but prices are overinflated and yo cream is much better. I've had better experiences by using my mom's Costco card and buying a bulk bag of candy and adding the ingredients to store bought ice cream. 1 star for atmosphere, 1 star for decent yogurt.,|,
Food is rather mediocre and overpriced. The only redeeming quality about this place is the location and views. There are way too many good restaurants in Portland for diners to waste their money here.,|,
Got three cupcakes at 2.50 they were just OK . I didnt see what was the RAVE about .. I think a lot of yelpers  give place way much more credit than what is due.. For a cupcake to be $2.50 each..it should taste better than one you can make at your house.,|,
This place was cool. Friendly, chill atmosphere. Cocktails were in large glasses so the drinks tended to be on the weak side. Food was very mediocre though I enjoyed my grilled cheese on rye. The bowling was fun as were the billards. I also liked the music. I'd def come back here for a chill night out.,|,
We had the shrimp w/lobster sauce, eggrolls, and dumplings...all were good and they provided the right amount of hot mustard on the side.,|,
Ordered take out here and was not super impressed with the pizza...Maybe it tastes better when eaten on the spot? Overall it was a disappointing expensive pizza. Did not think it was worth the money.,|,
- its half wine tasting, half restaurant  - the place has a log cabin meets very high ceiling wine warehouse feel. - not a ton of tables. Probable doesnt seat more than 100  - good selection of wine by the glass and bear - food isnt bad, each plate is enough for a dinner as long as you stick to the big plates (pasta, pizza, etc) - overall for 2 glass of wine, 2 bear tasters, 2 dinner plates, and desert, it was $75 including tip. So pretty good - servers were good. Recommend.!,|,
pretty tasty. we went for the sunday brunch. there was a live band playing jazz at a perfect background level.  the food was very good, used quality ingredients, and was moderately priced. the staff was extremely friendly and helpful.,|,
Bipartisan is a cool coffee shop with a very Portland vibe. There is plenty of seating to lounge and enjoy some coffee and pie. The couches and armchairs look like they might have been curbside cast offs, but they're comfortable and seem clean enough.  The coffee is nice and strong, and the selection of cookies and pies is always fresh and delicious.   This is one of my favorite spots to hang out with a good book.,|,
I really don't know what kind of concept this chain was going for. A noodle house is one thing, but a noodle house with a ton of different cuisines all in one isn't the best idea. If you want overpriced noodles, mediocre food, and an overall bad food experience. You should eat here. If not, go home and make your own macaroni and cheese. It'll cost you 10.00 less.,|,
Very tasty chicken. There's a reason it's in a big bold box. The Chocolate Uprising is fantastic. Way more intricate and tasty than I was expecting. Also, one of our party members left his camera in the booth. A member of the wait staff ran all the way out and gave it to us. Exceptional service, good food... I recommend it.,|,
I haven't had much food here, but what I got was good, but I actually don't remember what I got, so it must have not been THAT good.   My roommate got chicken tiki masala which was creamy and good. I remember that.  We were all craving Indian food and this satisfied us, but I would not say it is the best in Boston.,|,
Great food, but wait staff less than desirable, as if they're too cool to give good CS. No hospitable greeting coming or going and the hostess unapologetically sat my party with another group. We were eventually moved to another table at my request. The waiter had the nerve to attach a 20% tip to our bill but didn't deserve that much. Be prepared for nonchalant attitudes.,|,
I walked over from the hotel for dinner and sat in the bar. The bartender was friendly. I ordered the filet with all vegetables. The veggies we're very boring. Like something you would get in public school. The filet had no flavor. I added lots of salt! I won't be back.,|,
I eat here whenever I go to the Variety Playhouse for a show. I love Gyro, service is fast. Dining room not very comfortable but I'm alwaysout in 15 minutesor less.,|,
One of my favourite sushi restaurant XD!! Because its the nearest sushi restaurant from my place and their sushi are fresh N delicious~ My boyfriend and me even set a special  combo for ourselves haha i think its perfect for two people and it only costs 27+tax :) so they are Alaska roll+ fire cracker roll ; teriyaki chicken hot plate and one salmon sashimi . If it sounds good for you, you can try our "combo".,|,
Service was poor at best. My husband ordered a chicken and beef combo. When his meal was served it contained shrimp which he is allergic to. Our appetizer which were ordered before our main meal was delivered half through the entree and came out burnt.  Manager refused to talk to my husband. We will not be back and don't recommend this place to anyone. It used to be good with good service but not anymore,|,
Avoid! Positive review here doubtless written by the owner. These guys sold us a defective refrigerator. The brand and model they sold us has had class action law suits against it. I would not recommend this place.,|,
I have known Sarah for 4 years and she has some serious talent! Her highlights always look amazing and blonde! not yellow blonde! Also, my hair grew 4 inches after getting a keratin treatment!!! If you get a keratin treatment twice a year I guarantee your hair will grow much faster! So happy!,|,
Fetish is one of my favorite places to shop. I love shoes, and it is refreshing to find a place that doesn't have the same old stuff, in three different colors. The clothes are also adorable. They are fun without being tacky, and easy to wear in Austin. The staff is always so friendly and helpful without being overbearing. I always go to Fetish when I ahe an event, a wedding or just looking for something special for a night out.,|,
I love this place!  I've lived in Belgium and this is the REAL DEAL.  Great food, great staff.  Love the waffles and frites and sauces.  Truly a great place to go!,|,
How could you go wrong with 4.95 chicken souvlaki? The best value in town and the price doesnt reflex the quality of the food. Parking is always easy to find.,|,
Excellent pork egg rolls! Great friendly service. They are very busy but they always get you in and out. My only complaint is they sometimes run out of chicken on busy days and the chicken can be kind of fatty.,|,
Is it just me, or is the shop owned by 19 year olds? I never see any older adults. Ever.,|,
Finally got a chance to try this place...for the prices and portions, it's simply not worth it. The food was fine, but not what I would expect for $7 a plate.  This is one of those cases where I wonder if the vegetarian selections just don't measure up to the meat dishes, because the veggie dishes we tried just weren't that impressive.,|,
Service was phenomenal...I recommend the trout and the corn soufflé. The view to The OK Cafe is my only knock on the place.  I love great service so that trumps the bad view for me.,|,
Demais! Todas as atendentes são brasileiras, a comida vem rápido e tudo é muito bom. Porém meio caro...,|,
The massage was pretty good, the foot massage and steam was interesting (definitely felt good on my feet) and they are very attentive. I'd go again.,|,
Walked in and ordered a large pepperoni, banana pepper and extra cheese to go.  Service was fast and friendly but the pizza itself didn't knock my socks off.,|,
Awesome food.  You cannot go wrong with the lamb!  Two negatives though:   1.) Not much in terms of parking spaces. 2.) Not wheelchair accessible. :(,|,
I get the Greek burger every time because it's so dang good. Their kale salad was crazy good; big enough for 3 people to share. Expect to wait in line at least 30 min during peak times but staff routinely comes around for drink orders and even passes out samples when you're waiting.,|,
From all the great reviews I decided to swing by and pick up a sandwich. The reviews are right on the money, this is definitely the best Cuban sandwich I have ever had...hands down. I will definitely be returning with some friends so we can try out some other meals and of course their drinks. I would like to thank everyone for their comments and reviews which prompted me to go there for lunch.,|,
I respect the management here, they really helped me when I was in a Jam and didnt treat me like I was just some rando asking for a favor. I appreciate that the place is clean and the service is fast---if you rely on Burger king to fix that craving then this one will do it for you with a quickness and a smile. And decent people work here---Thank YOU BK!!!,|,
Was looking for a Benjamin Moore paint dealer in the Stoneham area and ended up at Spartan Hardware.  Great selection of paint and color chips.  Staff was friendly and the store has it's own parking lot right in front of the store.  I'll be back.,|,
We bought a slice a of apple strudel and a day-old almond horn to take home and were really disappointed.  The strudel was below average and not as good as supermarket strudel, but at 4 times the price.  The day old almond horn tasted like it was a week old, desiccated and starting to turn.  Just say no.,|,
I went here today for a mani/pedi with Amanda. She was so so super friendly and nice and did a great job on my nails. It was also really nice that they seem to have a good rapport with their returning customers. I will be back and would definitely recommend giving this place a shot.,|,
Best value on the Square IMHO.  Just stumbled onto it by accident.   Bryan Adams the owners bro in-law did an excellent job rep'ing the place. I had the skinny cuban salad which was great. Then three tacos which were super.   Bryan spent a long time visiting with me and performing some of his hits (kidding Bryan)  This place is fresh, tasty, and unique. I think it has some legs and hope to see one in Minneapolis soon!  Outstanding, I will be back.,|,
The Good: Margarita was amazing! Chips and salsa were delicious! Pork belly taco was tasty!   The Bad: It was loud.   The Ugly: Don't go with a big group for dinner. They can't break up check individually (but they told us up front). The food is ordered individually but served family style so you have to "fight" for your food if it's delivered to the other end of your table.  We'll go back, but just the two of us.,|,
Great location -- amazing fried seafood -- good drinks -- excellent, attentive waitstaff.  Only misstep here in about 10 visits was when I ordered the stuffed lobster -- seafood stuffing was too oily and the lobster didn't blow me away.  But every other time has been great -- stick to the fried, fresh seafood, and you'll be happy here.,|,
Great Gyro. Fun staff there and one of the best stops in the hall. Great lunch!,|,
We went for drinks and a snack on Sunday afternoon so the place was empty and we had no problem parking.  The service was good, the queso was mild but really tasty.  The Spicy and the Mex Martini were good drinks but I have had better at other Tex Mex places in town.,|,
I'd walk a mile for an iced pour-over. actually 0.9mi, 22min from home (I walk mucho faster tho) per google maps.,|,
You really can't go wrong with Marriott's Residence Inn brand.  They follow the same standards across the board so you always know what to expect from each of their brands.  Most of the Residence Inns have been updated and redecorated, and those that haven't either will be soon or don't need to be.  The included breakfasts are always substantial and the staff friendly and accommodating.,|,
This was our first time here, the place is quite spacious but is still nice and does not have the feel of a big box place. Nice decoration of animals And eggs and farms. waitress was very friendly and I like them at here you get a pot of coffee. we ordered a crepe and one benedict that both were really good. Also it is a good price for sure. This is going to be one of our favorite breakfast places going forward. Attached 3 pics,|,
If one must have breakfast at the airport, perhaps due to hangover reasons, Flying Elephants makes a pretty good breakfast burrito. I felt that their beans were, for lack of a better word, pleasingly beany (legumy?) which helped settle my stomach on a rough morning.,|,
Dutch Bros is the gold-standard in customer service. Even if the line is long,  they send runners out to get your order before you get to the window so that your drink is ready when you pull forward. Their drinks are delicious and if you sip it and need more flavor,  they'll take care of it right away. This is a great company all around!,|,
I had lunch at this place like a 3-4 years ago. And I remember that my food was really good. I ordered something with veal and it was cooked to perfection. Bread was good too, usually I don't eat bread, but they warmed it up and I couldn't resist the smell at cold winter day. I'll come back sometime soon.,|,
Taste:good Price: Good Portions: Good but way too much rice. Minus points: for super long wait time. When I go to carts with my family/hubby, we want to try out a bunch of different places so we order from 3-4 different carts at the same time and besides the fact that this was the first place we ordered, we still had to wait another 5-8 minutes after we got our food from all the other carts. And this wasn't even peak lunch time.,|,
The food really really really realllllllllyyyyyyyy delicious!! I had disliked Thaifood because It is very spicy but when I came here I love all of their food even though it's spicy. Here is my favorite restaurant of my family. The food is so good and the service is the best that I've seen. I really recommend you guys to come here and try. I'm sure that you will like it .,|,
Inconsistent. One good experience, and the next time was awful. One pizza had too much sauce, the other hardly any at all. Both were overly doughy and thick, a really disappointing experience at much too high a price. We won't be going back.,|,
Finally, a "real" restaurant at ATL. Server was enthusiastic and attentive and I opted for the Kobe burger which didn't disappoint. Who knows, serving great food in airports may just catch on.,|,
ALL around great burger meal! Best onion rings (Vodka batter) hands down! Best dressings/sauces...I mean SMOKED MAYO ... come on! Very delish! You wont regret it. It it there though! Not a good reheat. Enjoy :-),|,
This is our go-to restaurant every time we are in the north end.  We never have a problem finding a table and the food is always great.  You can tell the sauces are made fresh in house.,|,
Lambert's is great for grabbing a quick lunch or stocking up on groceries for the week. Their deli and salad bar are both unbelievably good. Everything is vibrantly fresh and the staff is extremely helpful.,|,
This seems to be an incredible seafood restaurant. It was recommended by a number of natives, so my associate and I went on Sunday night. Even when we left at 9:30 the dining rooms were full. All the food we had was so fresh and it was exceptionally prepared. The portions are lovely. Not too much, not too little. Except the Key lime pie, which is delicious and very large. I'll be back soon!,|,
This mall is cool simply because no one really goes there,very nice,quiet and it has thee essential stores and the food court I'd cool,movie theater on the top floor is awesome....on Tuesdays movies are $7.00,|,
Was eager to order and try their salmon dish today. I was lucky to have come on a day when they had Wild Coho Salmon. I asked for a simple preparation with extra steamed vegetables in lieu of rice pilaf. The Salmon was over-cooked, had way too much butter/oil on it and the vegetables were drenched in some kind of unhealthy oily butter/cheese tasting sauce. They werw not steamed. 3 stars is generous. Disappointed.,|,
Knute pumped our gas. He was quick, super friendly, washed my windshield and even got rid of the chunks of ice stuck on the bottom of the windshield. He went the extra mile. It was some of the best service I have ever received. Thanks, Knute!,|,
One of my top 5 places for lunch downtown. Consistently serves quality food with sizable portions for a reasonable price. They are also great at getting you your order in a hurry, as they have a cafeteria style assembly line thing going.,|,
Yelp brought us here after a tired day out. It's a small authentic Mexican joint run by friendly Mexican ladies who provided some of the best service you can get. Food was super tasty and very authentic. True to it's name. Love it. Take this on the order and chili's,|,
Amaaaaaaazing coffee. Tasted like ice cream. Best coffee I've had in a long time. A little pricey (even compared to starbucks) but still delicious. Free wifi, perfect environment to study!,|,
Where do I begin? Did the patty taste like burnt shit? You bet! Was the bun cold? You better believe it. Did we wait 40 minutes for our two basic burgers when there were literally no other customers inside? Of course!  All this in one location. Come on down and get yourself your own $10 garbage.   Killer Burger? More like Nasty Burger. Am I right or am I right?,|,
Sat for over 10 minutes, no one came had to go find someone to even get a drink.  Best part of entire experience was the source dough bread.,|,
Phenomenal desserts.  Sausage buffet is very good although the wait can be long.  Their German potato salad is second only to my mothers.  The cream puffs are legendary, huge and amazing,|,
My question to management: My family & I went 6/20/16, we noticed that the All you can eat Rock Shrimp was no longer on the menu. Very disappointing. Is this temporary or permanent?,|,
Good, cheap option for a quick meal before heading for the theater. I usually get a steak taco and rice which fills me up.,|,
The place is nice. When I went a while ago, the service was slow. The food was ok. The atmosphere was laid back, the dj was good. Will give it another chance.,|,
Great burger combinations, queso served with fries and some of the best milkshakes around!,|,
Most importantly...really excellent service! I ordered the "somethingsomethingfrench" (Sliced sirloin on a bed of arugula, corn, and tomatoes with some kind of bleu cheese sin on top). It was lovely. The wine list has some great, very affordable choices. I also got the warm sticky date cake for dessert with a half glass of 20-year port. Basically what I'm saying is that I'm the happiest girl in Boulder right now.,|,
The nachos are huge and yummy. The chili sauce nachos were great. To my surprise the tomatillo nachos were just blah..ok for the price I guess. The special was mulled wine which was warm and comforting. Spiced perfectly too! A great place to go with your friends with lots of booths. It's got a free juke box which ids cool but, the place gets over crowded and you probably should go with a group during peak hours or you might end upstairs with the gross hairy couches that were prolly curb scored.,|,
Best meal ever! Most unique food and atmosphere  Amazing hospitality and the food was orgasmic! Ingenious The owner Erick is also very handsome n sexy,|,
The slowest service. I was visting the area for the second year in a row and had the same slow service. The barerista looked like see was day dreaming the whole time and acted like it was the first time she had seen coffee.,|,
Pizza slices were good size for price. Taste is fine nothing great and not bad. If your nearby and want a slice grab a piece but if you are looking for a great piece of pizza sorry to say, keep looking.   Good specials each day so if you want to try this place go for it, it won't break the bank and I feel it is a decent food taste to value.   Service was excellent though.,|,
Great food and excellent service! Prices are fair and steaks are amazing!! My daughter loves the peanuts!,|,
I stopped in here a few weeks ago for some organic potting mix. I found what I needed, and the prices were reasonable. The person who helped me was helpful and friendly, didn't get his name. So I'm new to this gardening thing, and he gave me a few pointers for growing tomato plants. I even got a free cucumber plant. Thanks! The parking lot in the back is a plus too.,|,
Delicious - two of us split the vegie platter (vegan) and there was more than enough food.  Simple interior + nice people.  We will definitely return!,|,
I used to work very close to this location. They water down drinks, and have lack-luster quality. Applebee's isn't known to be outstanding, but it seems they take advantage of the fast business crowd in the area.,|,
Omg. This place is absolutely phenomenal. Every time I go, there's an explosion of taste in my mouth. Everything is extraordinarily amazing.  Love love love it!,|,
Holy. Mother. Of. Delicious.  Don't sleep on this place. Also don't worry about the vegan angle if that's not your thing, every part of the menu is a fully realized dish and you won't miss the meat. Actually, if you are a carnivore, you want to try this stuff even more.,|,
I have dreams about going here. Fast and friendly and the ramen is so yummy! Not as authentic as I would like, but still wicked yummy. No egg in the ramen :(,|,
Locally sourced wild game hamburgers that are ridiculously good. T  he elk burger comes with caramelized onions, butter lettuce and cherry demi-glaze.   The bison burger was definitely my favorite with feta cheese, bacon and spinach. The patty had a nice zing to it without being too spicy.,|,
Great food, good prices, wonderful atmosphere! I highly recommend this place. Compared to the restaurants around it, it's one of the best!,|,
Oh, the Atomic Cafe. Home to funky art students, cute boys with glasses, french sodas, memories of acoustic folk/rock/funk shows and fine retro decor. It's a fun place to stop by if you're in Bev'ly.,|,
The one vegetarian option was "ordering the fish dish without the fish"....  So not a great selection.  The $25 order of fusion fish and chips was dry.  Tasted "Fine". But "fine" is not really fine when you are paying $25 for a small amount of dry food.,|,
I had the spinach quiche, and it was just - ok. I have low expectations for their other menu items, so I probably won't be back again unless I'm just coming for a cookie or muffin. It was pretty cheap, but not priced cheap enough for the quality of food in my opinion. Tables and chairs are old and rickety, but it seemed clean enough. Woman who helped me at the counter was very pleasant!,|,
Pretty good value-- $5.99 including tax for a chicken shawarma but not a fabulous product.  The ingredients were fine and the chicken was very delicious, but the shawarma itself was made out of only a single pita, it wasn't grilled, and the layering of veggies/chicken/sauce left for a lop-sided eating experience.  All in all, I'd go back, but only if I were really craving it.,|,
Yes. Yes. Yes.  Fried chicken with mac and cheese and onion rings. A whisky drink (longwell) and and a salted caramel cheesecake that magically separates all of the flavors and punches you with the saltiness at the end (yum).  Portions are GENEROUS. Enough for two in one entree, easily. The staff were super nice, quick, and attentive. I'm sad that I will only get here once before the move to Cali.,|,
The restaurant ambiance was great and the service was wonderful.  I had the pecan chicken and it was one of the better chicken dish's I have had.  We ate early but had a reservation and were seated right away.  The staff remembered our name throughout the process as well and even the valet parking attendant's were extra friendly.  Though the food is a little pricey the taste and the atmosphere convinced us that this has to go on our short list of great places around Atlanta.,|,
I have it on good authority that Papa Razzi recycles bread from their bread baskets, and it doesn't surprise me at all. The service here is REALLY slow--my family has made the mistake of going here for a "quick" dinner just because it's close to my house, but running out to Route 9 probably would have been faster in the long run. Their food is fairly good, I suppose, but I would much rather go to Mark's Sandwich Shop--in the same building--than Papa Razzi.,|,
It's called FD's Grill now, but same menu and delicious margaritas. Great food and great prices. Nothing mind blowing... Just good food and drink at reasonable prices. I'm a fan and so's the wifey.,|,
Should have read the reviews.... The staff was pretty dull. Not rude, but not engaged either. The bagel was 'aight. I asked for it toasted and received a slightly warm doughy bagel.    The bacon scallion cream cheese had a lot of rubbery bacon fat in it. Gross.  Oh, and it was something like $5.50 after tax for my bagel in cream cheese. Maybe if that was the best bagel and cream cheese I've ever had, but this certainly was not the case.,|,
Amazing Colombian tapas in Ohio!? Check. This place was delicioius. The service was fast and great, and the food prices were extremely fair as well. Can't wait to come back here next time I'm passing through Ohio.,|,
It is quite impressive that this place has a business selling basically one item.  But hey, they do a good job at it and when you think about it, there are quite a few possible permutations of ingredients that can make up a bowl.  Anyways, I was a happy customer since I got the order like I wanted and got it quick.,|,
Had my birthday dinner here with some family out on the outdoor patio which was the perfect setting. I tried the Frosé very refreshing and sweet, I will definitely be ordering it again. For my meal I ordered one of the new summer items, the Clam Shrimp & Chivalini Sausage Linguine, very tasty!,|,
The green beans mixed with spaetzle and bacon may be one of the best side dishes ever devised. The Reuben made w a big pink slab o' sausage was just OK. Good service and tasty beer. Worth another visit next time I'm in Columbus.,|,
this place is definitely better than fire on the mountain...i am ohioan, pennsylvanian, arizonian and oregonian..and bdubs has always been good...except the hillsboro bdubs which actually sucks and needs to shut down...beaverton is great too but tualatin is absolutely the best...almost as great as the one in akron oh...:)  you can order splits or drums separate, wet, dry or normal dosage of sauces ...plenty of flavors...carribean jerk is my favorite...slow heat...:),|,
I bought a LivingSocial deal to this place a few weeks ago, so my boyfriend and I went last night and it was AWESOME!  We got the Backyard BBQ pizza, a chicken quesdilla and two Shipyard Pumpkin Ales= die of yumminess! And although our eyes were waaaaaay bigger than our stomachs, now we have some awesome leftovers for the Pats game today!  Will definitely be coming back!,|,
Amazing place, with a beautiful and big patio! waiting for italian food - from Patrizi's,|,
I like to tasty wok good salt paper ribs &  GT shrimp n seafood panda five noodles everything so good,|,
On snow  days this Starbucks is a gathering place of locals. I miss the comfy overstuffed chairs, But now I see that when it's packed with parents and snow  boarding kids, with a line out the door  the tall tables work fabulously.  How in the heck did my Barista remember my name in this crowd? I gotta give them credit for making the effort to know us locals.,|,
Best experience we had in Boston. We were here for 2 days of our New England vacation and packed in as much of Boston as we could. We were set on doing the Sam Adams Brewery but almost went to Harpoon at the last minute due to a few bad reviews - so glad we didn't!! Brewery was a LOT easier to get to than they made it seem and the experience was too notch,|,
I was very impressed with the quality of the buffet food. You know with a buffet, it is usually hit or miss. But, wow. I was very impressed with the quality of the food and the authenticity of the place. And the cream puffs were to die for.,|,
I go here every time I'm in Boston! Try the lychee boba milk tea with extra lychee jelly :-),|,
Service was great, portions were perfect for the pricing. Three co-workers ordered the salmon on a plank and loved it.,|,
I love Jeremiah's Italian Ice.  The service is always great and staff is always smiling and always willing to let you sample any flavor without sensing it as a disruption.  I got the Orange Smash, I think it was called and it was awesome.  Their ice cream alone is so creamy and rich and tasty.  Man, just the ice cream is great...add the Italian ice to it and it is magic!  When near a Jeremiah's Ice, you have to stop,|,
Food was fresh and delicious. Very reasonable prices. Will definitely take my family to eat there again soon!,|,
Started this review months ago and never finished. Awesome place! Do not pass up an opportunity to get a sammich here!,|,
They just merged with another party store so everything has been rearranged but it is a good size stored and organized well.  Big clearance deals!  They have the typical party supplies but they also have reasonably priced serving dishes with a bit of color which pops a bland table with a punch.  Looking for some "Boston" they have cups and mugs, magnets, stickers, flags, clappers for Red Sox, Bruin, Celtics, and Patriot fans (great gifts).,|,
Across the street but forever in my heart. Love the coffee and super sweet and helpful staff here. Whole mexican beans are my treat to me and I'll also indulge in a house made cup from time to time. Very much a neighborhood intergenerational place to hang that feels welcoming.,|,
I've had several hairstylist here cut my hair - every time it's been really good. However it seems that There is a lot of turnover. The one person that I've consistently gone to is Lana, I think she's the manager, and she's really good. Reasonably priced similar but better than a Supercuts or that kind of chain. Open seven days,|,
My husband and I were visiting Portland and looked on Yelp for a good breakfast place. This one had good reviews so we gave it a shot. We made a decision that we were 100% satisfied with.  We had the Sugar Waffle with seasonal fruit and the Blueberry pancakes. They were delicious, as is the peppered bacon as well as the homemade ketchup. Amazing. Try it.,|,
Great place and atmosphere. Food was fantastic, service was excellent. Would highly recommend.,|,
Service was ok. Amount of meat on my roast beef sandwich was very weak. Cool building though.,|,
I love love love calamari and pad thai and basil pad thai, red curry as well. The host is very nice and welcome. I love dine in as well as order togo tons of time. Recommend!,|,
Why why WHY must their parking be terminally stuck in SUCK?  Alas, you can't order anything in Alon's and go wrong, but I'll only visit if: a) I'm already in the area b) parked elsewhere (legitimately) and c) someone else goads me into it.,|,
The environment was so friendly, you can chat with strangers in the same booth. I ordered hazelnut coffee, it was so goooood！!,|,
Low in cost, but not in flavor and creativity. Can't wait to be back. Awesome dipping sauces,|,
Excellent rostessterie chicken is the staple here and it shows. The chicken was cooked perfectly with a slight charred skin that was packed with flavor. The 1/2 chicken order with yucca, beans and rice was plenty of food for someone to feast and take home for later. Very good restaurant located just outside Windermere in McGuire Publix shopping center. Enjoyed the food and look forward to eating here again. The jalapeño sauce is the shit.,|,
As I have had the pleasure of meeting, and working with,  many of the very qualified and competent staff I have also encouraged many other people to go here for a variety of services.  Every single one has thanked me profusely.  Im a health care professional, NP,  and recognise the professional approach to be of the highest level. The skill level of the staff is stellar. I've been coming here for years and plan to continue!,|,
Good food and cold beer with a great selection.   Small place.  Try the steak tips or fish and chips.  Good music and fun.,|,
Loved this place! It was a nice, open space with friendly people that welcomed us immediately. I ordered the quinoa and tomato salad with a huge piece of salmon. I also ordered the sweet potato fries. We came for lunch and everyone enjoyed the food and woman who took care of us. And the location is on a cute street in downtown Columbus. We were visitors to the town and glad we came here.,|,
Bongo the manager and Precious were super nice! It's been my second time and will definitely be back! I had the Texas burger and fries and they were super tasty! The fries were crispy and the burger was moist! I had a wonderful time here:),|,
100% do not go here. Look I never review. This place though got me feeling some type of way. We went out on a Friday night so it's ok if it's busy but this place was pretty relaxed compared to other spots. But the wait to get a table was 10 minutes then when we we seated no one checked on us for 20 minutes. Other tabled seated after us even had their orders taken. We didn't even get a drink order in. 10 outta 10 wouldn't do again.,|,
It's a Starbucks, folks. They have coffee, wi-fi, and various other stuffs. You know...If you don't know Starbucks, you should probably get out of your cave a little more.  ...I really don't feel like writing any more...,|,
Delicious coffee and a great atmosphere! I'll need to come back to sample the MANY enticing small bites so well displayed.,|,
There can be a long wait at the pharmacy for new scripts but once your just refilling the drive thru window is great. Pharmacists seem to know theie stuff- especially the one at night.  I love that it's 24 hours- super convenient.,|,
It has a **Sephora** now so the suck level fell dramatically. Rest assured, the mall still sucks.  At least now there's reason to go.  Salesman was nice.  I bought a nice watch at a fair price.  I had to wait around a while for him to take care of other customers, then I had to come back another day to pick the watch up for the discount.  Annoying but I'll return if I need to.,|,
One my my favorite spots in all of Portland. Eat here. Eat here often.   The burgers are creative and flavorful. The sandwiches are unique and delicious. The staff rules. I can't say enough good things.,|,
The food and service was great! I had the filet and it was cooked perfectly! I also had the lobster bisque and it lacked flavor which is the only reason I am giving this place four stars. It's a little pricey but is great for a nice date night,|,
Best chocolate in the city, beautiful cakes. My absolute favorite is the almond croissant.,|,
The staff was super quick, accurate and friendly to boot. Atmosphere was clean and clutter free. However the tofu in my bowl was burnt to a crisp. Maybe I just caught them on an off day. I'll give them another chance since everything else was great.,|,
The staff are lovely as is the food and service.  This Restaurant does so much for the community of Mt Dora. Great atmosphere, romantic waterview dinning, music and good cheer at the friendly bar run by Mike the best bartender in mt dora. Highly recommend.,|,
Excellent blue cheese burger, solid wings.  Wedge salad was good too.  Service really shined.  Very happy to have a great dinner option on West 2222.,|,
this is one of the better tim horton's that i have been to. I go here for lunch on occasion and the service is good and food is better than most tim hortons in the lower mainland.,|,
I absolutely LOVE this place. My first and best experience of Cuban food in Orlando. Coming from south Florida where Cuban food is its own food group, I'm critical. But this place is spot-on for me. The sandwiches, the entrees, it's all good. The croquetas I have to say though, are not the traditional-style treats you'd typically find in Miami but still delicious to me.,|,
Great Store.......BUT, if you don't shop there for 6 months, all your loyalty points get nuked....a pretty RAW deal.  For an added bonus...no empathy whatsoever from the management there.....I'll stick with Liquor Mart....,|,
Fantastic tacos, not fancy but delicious and very reasonably priced.  Routine take-out spot.,|,
We have been coming to Kobe religiously each time we visit Orlando. It saddens me to see the quality and the quantity of food at this restaurant greatly diminish. Portions were cut down, chefs weren't doing the usual tricks, and the quality of food had declined. We'll probably return because its been our tradition, but will I be keeping an eye out for other Hibachi places? Yes.,|,
This review for manager Jacob. My online was done wrong I didn't get the food I ordered. Jacob went above and beyond to correct mistake and make my experience awesome..faith restored in costa Vida,|,
I dine at Lucca on a fairly regular basis and have never been disappointed with the food or the service.  The wait staff is great and always have excellent recommendations on the food as well as wine.  Great food at a reasonable price and comfortable atmosphere.  I highly recommend.,|,
Crowds make me nervous so I won't be dining in here any time soon, but with a little help from Eat Out In I can enjoy my favorites in comfort! I really liked the avocado fries, piping hot with a crisp peppery coating, creamy and delicious inside. The buttermilk mashed potatoes were a little bland but wonderful with a bit of cream gravy. And Wom Kim's Peach Pudding is rich and sweet and flavorful, a bit heavy but great comfort food.,|,
Quaint little store with tons of amazing items! We purchased a cabinet from them and it looks amazing in our house. They are very helpful and always adding new inventory. If you let them know you are looking for a certain item, they will FB message you when they have new stock coming it! I like that customer attention! Makes me a BIG fan of this store. Can't wait to find my next piece.,|,
This was our third time having Ethiopian food, but our first time at this restaurant.  We had a great experience and loved the dishes.  We had the Habesha special and added on a spicy beef dish.  The injera was soft and plentiful.  We will definitely go back and take friends who want a unique dining experience.  The staff were lovely as well!,|,
Excellent work on a small surface (ladys watch) friendly, quick, reasonable price. Would def use again/recommend~~!!,|,
We visit this place at least once or twice a year because they have delicious food.  Almost always a perfect meal - this time had a lot of gristle in the lamb meat which was hard to get past.  The other dishes were quite delicious as always.  We will return again and try another adventurous dish.,|,
This coffee shop isn't as chic and dim lit as the coffee shops I'm used to in Nashville but they have a great product and a friendly staff...and friendly staffs are hard to come by.,|,
hands down the best pad thai ive ever had.  always a must have for when im in portland.  very reasonably priced and very good portions.  love it.,|,
My wife and I went here on our first date for dinner and it wasn't a cheap one. The food was very good and rich, but small portions. I haven't been back since for that reason. Too expensive to leave hungry. If it doesn't take much to fill you up or please you, then go for a nice evening.,|,
The people who work here are rude, rude, RUDE!!!!  I needed razor blades (which are locked up) and the person on the floor couldn't be bothered to help me get them, and then complained when I needed more time to figure out which ones were the right ones.  I will seriously never go in there again, if I can help it.  There 's a Walgreen's right across the street.  Go there instead, is my recommendation.  They take FOREVER, but at least they aren't rude.,|,
Solid dependable inexpensive food and great for a quick breakfast and lunch. I had the chicken salad sandwich (takeout) and the breakfast burrito. Both were satisfying. The waitstaff was friendly and courteous. I would recommend this place.,|,
Unless you are willing to wait 20-30 min for a drink, don't come here. Literally 5 people in front of me waiting for a drink and it took that long.,|,
This resort was incredible. The decor was genuine, the zoo in the back of the lodge, the pool area and the restaurants were amazing. Money well spent. I would come here again, next time we would stay in the villas just to see what they are like.,|,
This place is not to be missed! My two girlfriends and I loved our massages. This is a first...we all loved the experience and thought our therapists were amazing.  I will make sure to get time there every time I come to visit Portland.,|,
I love Ethiopian food. I grew up eating it. Healthy saucy mild or spicy it's Delish.  I love the spice to it. Makes you sweat but doesn't feel like eating fire.  I want to taste my food.  I really like this place. The buffet is $9 and well worth it.  I love their azifa salad.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is they always seem to use more cinnamon then I like.  The owners are very nice and the food is great.,|,
We came on a Friday night around 8:30pm. The place was packed so we got our order to go. The service was great and the person behind the counter gave amazing recommendations. I enjoyed the peanut sauce on the lemongrass chicken sandwich. Fries were crispy and the dipping sauce was yummy. I just wish their space was bigger but no other complaints!,|,
It was my first visit to Avellino's last weekend and I had a great pizza here.  We got the Margaretta and added peperoni.  Nothing fancy but the crust is better than any other pizza place around here.  Good craft beer selection and new management will make this place a local favorite of mine for sure.,|,
This is an excellent place to go after church for some delicious plantains, rice and beans, and meat of choice.  I got the Cuban coffee one time and, not knowing what to expect, was pleasantly surprised with how tasty it is.  It's casual and laid-back, a good place to chat.,|,
I have to admit I probably wouldn't have gone here if Rich E. hadn't suggested it one day, but I'm so glad he did. Donnie's is a great meat-and-two southern place. The staff is friendly and the food is overflowing your plate, and all for VERY reasonable prices. A great place to stop and grab quick lunch alone or with a friend.,|,
When on this side of town, if ever craving sweets. This is the place we come to. The ice creams with Cuban coffee - perfect combo. The staff are always so fun. Always helpful and never make you feel bad for requesting to taste a flavor. Only once have I come and there was a mini line out the door. That's a good sign though, went quickly. So don't let that stop you.,|,
I had high hopes for the fried chicken smothered with gravy and yes, they did come out smothered in brown gravy, but they must've been smothered for a quite while because not a spec of crispy skin was to be found--just a slimy somewhat dried out chicken. We're talking dark meat here too. I'm sticking to the fried chicken at Carver's.  Still, I give Busy Bee 3 stars for being a good southern staple. Sides were excellent--collards, candied yams, and extra crispy okra.,|,
I am pretty particular when it comes to my fish and chips, this place is by far the best I have tried anywhere around Portland. We will definitely be returning. Everything made fresh daily.,|,
I'm going to add to the majority of sentiment here and tell people this place is great. I am notorious for jabbing at places that are cash only, like the entire North End. But after using this place for awhile and seeing how nice and genuine the woman and her dog are, I'm happy to pick up my perfectly starched shirts using old-fashioned greenbacks.,|,
Great pizza! I'm a huge fan. The breadsticks are pretty good too. I would recommend this place to anyone who comes  to this area!,|,
I really love the food here. Also, the ladies that work here are really sweet. Definitely start with the fried pot stickers. For entrees, I have yet to have a bad one.,|,
Food was excellent, beer was flavorful and staff was great! I ordered the Sweet Heat beer and it was nothing like I've ever tasted before! Also had the burger which was fantastic along with the fries. The ambiance was also great and there was great hipster people watching.,|,
Small place, nice staff, good food. I got the original pork gyro, lentil soup, and baklava. The only bad thing is my friend and I both found our gyros to be really salty, and I am one who likes a lot of salt as it is. Adding a lot of tatziki sauce helped this. I may come back to try the tomato cheese gyro sometime still and the food was generally good,|,
$41 for a medicore mani/pedi. I'm newer to the Chestnut Hill/West Roxbury area.. does anyone recommend a better place.  One that actually CLEANS your nails?,|,
Consistently great place for pho! The noodles are always cooked well and the broth is consistent in taste as well.   I recommend #17, especially if you are reluctant to try any unfamiliar parts of the cow (ie tripe aka intestines).   The menu is vast offering everything from soups to noodles to rice plates.  The bathroom is a bit dirty though... there are cobwebs in all corners and peeling paint which contrasts the cleanliness of the rest of the restaurant.,|,
Average wine, average food, average service and average atmosphere- the price is above average for what is provided. Although I'm very disappointed and will not be back, it was one of the only places that didn't have an hour wait to eat, hence the 2 stars.,|,
This place is the best!!! The staff was so attentive, nice, and helpful. I had the hockey and waffles which were really good! A little sweet for my liking but delicious nonetheless. Awesome bottomless coffee and free wifi! Would recommend and will return!,|,
The Pleasant never disappoints us! The cheese pizza is delicious! So hot and gooey it needs to be eaten with a fork and knife if you want to dig right in. The salad is delicious. The French fries are perfect. Not those cheap fries with the bumps on them. The chicken parmigiana is also delicious. The staff is awesome. Really makes you feel like you're part of the family.,|,
THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! While I like one of your competitors and was looking forward to them tonight....THEY FAILED! I waited an hour and 45 minutes. Called them two times. No pizza. Found out they thought I was picking up. Why if I was calling? You all delivered in 15-20 minutes after hearing my story AND....you were less expensive, same pizza toppings. YOU ALL ARE GREAT! Many thanks. Too bad it tool almost 2.5 hours for my dinner. I should have called you first!!!,|,
Hands down this is the best Ethiopian food in Atlanta.  I have tried various Ethiopian places in Atlanta and Florida, but Desta takes the cake.  If you have never had Ethiopian before this is a great place to start.  Recommendations: Fish Tibs Chicken Tibs Shiro Vege Combo Salad Injera (bread) Kifto Wrap (raw beef)-personal favorite, filled with jalapenos and cheese  Also try a Meta beer.  Extra tip, the creative loafing gift card area has $20 gift cards for 10 bucks!,|,
Food was great.  Service was great.  Bartender spilled a dark drink on my friends white pants (gasp!) but the manager immediately and without request came over and asked for her info in order to receive her dry cleaning bill.  Super great customer service.   Though it's expensive you know what you're getting into when you go to the hotel.  I'll go back for sure!,|,
I have come to conclude that all Steak and Shake restaurants are the worst Steak and Shake restaurants.,|,
Visiting Atlanta and was craving some pie. Didn't realize most places close early. Found this place and loved it. I only had dessert which was delicious.  I had the strawberry rhubarb pie which was my favorite with ice cream. I also tried the peach and pecan pie which were good but not as good as the strawberry rhubarb.  Prices were very reasonable and staff was very friendly.,|,
I've had better Indian food in bigger cities like London, but this is good for being in Texas.  The place was packed and it was a bit of a wait despite having reservations.  Food came out fairly quickly though.  Overall a good experience.,|,
I bow down to your chef! Fantastic meal! I did take out and the ladies upfront we're superb; so sweet and efficient. The meal itself was so outstanding that my picky five year old ate every bite! Delicious and will be back again!!  P.S anyone who brags about their Instagram followers as a way to threaten a business loses all credibility with me..  This place is fantastic!,|,
This place is awesome. Came to visit some friends in Boston and they took me here for lunch and a drink in between sight seeing. 25 cent wings at the bar were fantastic, service was great, servers friendly and the atmosphere was very chill and upbeat. Affordable and good. Would definitely recommend to anyone.,|,
The tacos are great, but the patio area is constantly filthy and thus swarming with flies. Having to swat away flies after each bite is quite unappealing. Clean up the patio area and I'll increase my rating.,|,
I order a combo that comes with drink and french fries. I cant believe how unsanitary this place is. They handed me the drinks with the straw already in it. It made me feel uncomfortable , so i asked for a different drink and they give a hard time. I drove off and would never come back to this In and Out burger again.,|,
During our stay in Portland, our family ate here twice.   1st visit: We got seated pretty quick, food was delicious, the service was okay....could have been a little faster (never came to refill our drinks until we asked for our check).  2nd visit: My kids loved their dinner pasta dish so much that they had me go back during their brunch time the following day.....  Because it was a special dinner item, they were able to made arrangements w/ the chef and made it happen for my kids.....,|,
Staff moves slow took a half an hour to get a carry out of a salad that had already been prepared , place was filthy it was disgusting I'm never going back to this Wendy's ever again.  Half of the people in line inside just got frustrated and left,|,
Because it was in-between dinner and lunch, I had the Smores dessert pie and it was very sweet and delicious!,|,
Great favor and awesome bubble tea! Fast service and reasonable price  Highly recommended..,|,
ive always liked newbury comics... all locations, really. everyone is always very friendly and helpful, and i usually find what i am looking for.,|,
Really enjoyed this little place. Simple if you want, more complex if you want. We got some sushi and then a maki (the "amazing roll" I believe) that had mango, salmon, avocado, eel. Delicious. Gyoza dumplings good too.,|,
This restaurant has it all; excellent food, great selection, wonderful atmosphere, super location.  The service could not have been better. It made our weekend in Atlanta memorable. My only recommendation is to ask the cost of the chef's special for the night. While most main dishes were in the $18 to $26 price range, the special my husband ordered turned out to be $46. It was delicious although not worth $20 more than most other choices.,|,
One of my favourite Vietnamese restaurants. Authentic and most dishes that we order taste delicious. This restaurant is always busy but they sure know how to cook. I normally order bun bo hue or three different types of grilled beef noodles and my husband likes their pork chops rice dish. We also tried the seafood dry noodles and pho and both are very good. I took my family and my parents in law here for 7 different types of beef, I thought the dishes were ok but not great though.,|,
Best pizza I have ever had and it was from here. The food tasted so fresh and there were lots of each topping. It is making my mouth water just thinking about it. If you go to the USA you must try one just to see how tasty they are.,|,
All I can say is that this is way better than Chick-fil-A in my opinion. I got the spicy chicken sandwich and I got it "super fly" style which adds on their homemade coleslaw, bacon, jalapeños, and their spicy mayo. I would have to say that's the only way to get it. Their fries were pretty basic, I've had better ones elsewhere.,|,
Was coming back from Boulder and we stopped into Spice China, and it has gone way down hill.  It's like a poor imitation of a PF Changs.  They make no attempt to make real Chinese food anymore, and their "chinese-chinese" dishes on the menu are as crappy as their chinese-american shit.  Too bad, they could do better, but they just don't want to because the people who live and work in Broomfield and Louisville wouldn't know the difference.,|,
This is NOT a place I'll ever come again!! We waited on food that SUCKED!! The manager hired some new Hispanics and said they couldn't read and understand the orders and he yelled at them all night while they threw spatula all over the place. And the Manager was the worst ever. After all the men got their food, the girls waited an hour later to get our sorry food. And dos we get a discount, he said its only so much he can do. Wow. Really!!! My 1st and last visit here!!,|,
My friend and I came here over the weekend and we had a great experience. That location has been multiple restaurants in the past few years that were ok...but not great. The new owners and staff are great. They had a draft beer special going on, half off! It was so cool to get my favorite IPA and save some money. My friend got the mac and cheese with bacon and loved it! I got the BBQ special it was delicious and filling. Prices are totally reasonable too! We'll be back,|,
Way better than other local competitors. They serve their BBQ with warm BBQ sauce, not like other restaurants that leave it on the table cold, in a crusty squeeze bottle (yuk). The pork ribs were very tender.,|,
Pretty nice place for brunch! The food was good, nothing great. The line can get pretty long tho. It's best to get there early on the weekend.,|,
Love the coop! We come here about 3 times a month. The chicken and waffles are the best I've ever had! The bread pudding with the icing on top is a must!!!!,|,
I agree with most of the other people; while M Grill is not stellar compared to all med restaurants, they are cheap and the food is consistently good. I like that the falafels are crispy in the falafel sandwich.  I don't like the pita they use and wish they would get some better bread.  I love the Greek salads, and the potatoes are awesome, perfectly crunchy outside, while melty hot inside.  Bonus: sandwich and potatoes or sandwich and salad costs about $5.50.  You can't beat that at all.,|,
1.5 Waiting time. Once seated, service was prompt. All meals were en pointe. Cannot go wrong with the spiked coffee and any of the specialty drinks. Almond toast was very yummy. Fricasses, frittatas and paellas--oh my.,|,
Nothing spectacular for the high costs. Drinks were okay. Clam chowder soup was disgustingly cold with weird chunks of meats. Crab cakes were very good. For the overall high price, steer clear of this one.,|,
Ducked into Jaho to avoid two sketchy guys on Washington Street who were threatening to stab each other. I should thank them, this place is great. The Iced Hanoi is as close to a true Thai iced coffee that I've come across in Boston. They also serve a good selection of craft beers, wine and have plenty of seating options. Good music and would be a laid back spot for a first date.,|,
I ate here several times a few years ago because it was convenient. But the grime, the lackluster and possibly grimy food, and the sullen staff just turned me off. I went back again this week because my husband insisted on trying it. Our tap water came in styrofoam cups... mine was stained with dirt. The service was still sad and the space was still grimy. The falafel was fine but not made with love, and I'm actually just hoping it doesn't make me ill. I don't trust that place.,|,
Found this hidden gym within East Atlanta area. I found the location of Mai Kind of Brunch cool becuase inside has other venues there serving other food at different times. This kind of reminded me of a food truck park, but it's inside. The reason for the 3 stars is because i think there is only one thing worth getting, and that's the Korean marinated steak and egg sandwich with sriracha aoli. I ordered the breakfast bowl, and that was okay. So if you're here, order the sandwich!,|,
The crab legs are on point but the price is a bit steep so if you plan on getting crablegs prepared to pay over 20 bucks basically for like a whole crab haven't tried anything else.,|,
Just finished my meal at Cala Bar and Grill, a Caribbean/American fusion restaurant. The staff was friendly, restaurant is modern and clean, and the food was delicious. Live band on Friday...make reservations if you come after 8. Let's support our local establishments! We'll definitely be back!,|,
This place is terrible. My mother is from the same part of India as the owner and this places food doesn't even hold a candle to the food I eat on a daily basis at home. This place is for dumb white people who think they are eating good Indian Veg food when in fact they are just being robbed.,|,
The place is always busy and with a line.  While the spicy tofu soup is good and the side dishes plenty, the other dishes tried (bbq and rice pot), are just very average.  A bit puzzled by all the raving reviews here as I've definitely had better Korean food nearby.  The place isn't that big, although it does feels quite homey.,|,
Fantastic new restaurant in Chinatown. The atmosphere inside is so friendly and intimate despite the overall design, the management and staff should be proud of the ambience they've created right out of the gate. The menu is just the right size and the food was absolutely fantastic. I am surprised and delighted by this new restaurant. Well done.,|,
Tripleta was amazing! Chicken and everything else very flavorful. Great latin food! Even the red beans and rice were delicious. Great lunch away from the commercial chain restaurants nearby.,|,
One thing that needs to be mentioned up front - this is not an excentric sushi hot spot.  You won't find crazy rolls that represent a life time of imagination and you won't find the latest way to eat a spicy tuna roll.  What you will find is good quality sushi at a really cheap price --- we're talking grocery store prices.  But it is very good too.  And on a street that is known for charging as much as one can get away with - Shino will leave enough money in your pocket to take the T home.,|,
All must check this out!!  So unique....looking forward to going back,|,
Thai Noon is around the corner from my house, so it has always been my Thai go-to spot. I have eaten there three or four times a month for the last four years and I never ger tired of it.   The veggies are always crisp and fresh, the servers are friendly and the food is usually on the table within minutes of ordering.   My two favorite dishes are the spicy sweet basil and the pad see ew, but everything  I have tried (almost everything on the menu) has been excellent.,|,
This place has a great selection of East Coast beer and even West Coast and some in between. IPAs to stouts and porters, whatever you are in to. What's great is that Jeff there knows his beer and made some good recommendations. Worth stopping in to see what they have!,|,
Wow.  Can't believe these bad reviews.  I'm a small business owner and have been taking all my computers there for several years now.  I've always had pretty good service and they've always been fair to me.  I've only gone to the Burnet store -not the downtown one. I've dealt with them at least a dozen times over the years.  Can their service improve? Certainly there's always room for improvement.  But all in all, I'm satisfied with their service and their products.,|,
What could be better than fast, delicious pizza you can just walk up and order by the slice and eat while people watching on South Congress?!?!,|,
Bad restaurant for such a great historical building. Food mediocre at best. But it doesn't matter because of the waaaaay too many 65" tvs. Really takes away from dinner. Not a place for date night. Yuck.,|,
Pho broth is okay-good, I've had better before but I'm not complaining. But omygoodness their viet iced coffee is pretty bombb. I definitely recommend getting that, make sure to order it to go as a pick-me-up throughout the day. I wish they filled it all the way to the tippy top though, since its mostly small pieces of ice which takes up most of the space.  If I could, I would buy gallons of this stuff..but then I'd go broke.,|,
I am visiting from out of town and had to have taco Tuesday. After looking online and asking around it seemed Bartaco was the best choice. It was great. The atmosphere is perefct!!! Service was great and the food too! I opted to try a couple different ones an while they were all good, the spicy chorizo was my favorite. The guacamole was homemade and so fresh. Will definitely recommend to anyone who ask.,|,
The people are always nice. The pizzas were fresh. The brownie was stuck to the bottom of the pan but all in all it was good.,|,
Solid drinks, checked out the Green Eyes as my first cocktail and it was awesome! Solid selection of beers and tons of awesome local art to check out while you hang with friends!,|,
Deanna is seriously the best Brazilan waxer I've ever had. She's efficient yet completely thorough. You're in and out in 10 minutes tops.   I'm only giving it 4 stars because their prices have gone up in the past year. I realize that with success comes higher prices, but half the reason I  went there was because their Brazilian cost less than most other places.  I've never had anything else done there, but the salon in general looks nice and is typical for the area and price.,|,
This is my go to place for pizza.   Though I do get salad here once in a while if I am trying to be healthy.  The pizza is awesome!  If I have friends over watching a game they always love it. Not thin crust, but definitely not thick.  Salads are always fresh, and the grilled chicken on top is tasty.  The guys behind the counter are friendly and courteous. Highly recommend for a neighbor sub shop.,|,
Thumbs up yummy cheap Mexican food without having to do the food court thing!  You can't go wrong with a quick lunch here and a walk around the common! Maybe I shouldn't share but the only thing I didn't like was the bathroom (which I am thankful they offer but...) that was down the back stairs and down a very dimly lit hallway in the basement with dark slightly open doors you need to walk by..  a little creepy, so go before you run off to lunch!,|,
The tacos at this place are some of the best I've had. The meat is smoked and well prepared. They also give you a good size amount of meat in each taco. I have returned back to this place multiple times. I've only had their tacos but the other food looks great too. The service was awesome. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it's a small place that isn't very comfortable to hang out and eat but the service is friendly.,|,
I've been in a couple of times and each time I leave with a sack of books.  I like this shop.  It's clean, well organized, the staff is helpful, and they have a nice selection new comics, statues, and back issues.,|,
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in the greater Portland area.  I can't get enough of their Pineapple Fried Rice...Yum!  The environment inside the restaurant is well-decorated even though they are located in a strip mall.  They recently located to a larger location a few shops over in the same building.  I have not been there since the move but I am anxiously awaiting their reopening.  They also offer takeout.,|,
Cute little coffee shop hidden off Kingsway on east 15th. Wouldn't have noticed it if the sandwich board wasn't out on the corner. Had a well made cappuccino... eyed the sandwiches listed on the wall (veggie, grilled cheese, ham, turkey, reuben, prosciutto) for next time. Very limited seating, awesome art up on the walls. Definately an option if matchstick is too busy.,|,
In Orlando?? You must go! I have tried so many different smoothie and juice places in the Orlando and this one is definitely my favorite. The smoothies have no added sugar or artificial flavors at all; the ingredients listed on the menu is all they use. Usually I prefer to make my own smoothies at home but these smoothies can't beat my at home smoothies (this never happens). My smoothie was soooo good it tasted like a milkshake!,|,
Casa Del Matador is the best place for Happy Hour....every day from 4-6 and then again from 10-12pm I believe. Great food, great atmosphere...In the heart of NW Portland...who could ask for anything more....,|,
Good tacos. Reasonable pricing. Al Pastor is my favorite.,|,
Loved this place. Atmosphere was nice and inviting. The restaurant is also very clean and well kept. The bar is a great area to sit and see pizza made up close and personal. Pizza and calamari were tasty. The best part was the customer service. CJ served me at the bar and discussed several drink options. Not only talking about the drink itself, but the components and orgin of them. Great upselling CJ, the drinks were worth it. I'll definitely be visiting again in the near future.,|,
Great food!!! Amazing burgers, the truffle fries are amazing, amazing shakes/ especially the Nutella shake. I come again and again.,|,
Seriously I've found my new favorite ice cream flavor in "whiskey hazelnut"! The decor of the place is super clean and crisp with penny tile backsplashes, wooden floors, and stainless steel. Parking is not terrible but lines exist all the way up through closing time.  Get a double and share with a friend!,|,
The food is delicious and the service is excellent.   Simon, our waiter, made our dining experience wonderful!!   This is my new favorite spot.,|,
Definitely not bad. Really cool set up. Very good beer list. The lobster perogies were definitely the highlight. My cheesesteak was very basic and my girlfriend's veggie burger had the consistency of a sloppy joe, pretty disappointing. We'll probably go back and try it again.,|,
So good! They have great customer service and awesome vibe will definitely continue to come here.,|,
So grateful Mike and his biz partner opened this gem in the neighborhood!  They aren't only passionate about coffee, they are wine connoisseurs as well.  The wide selection of fresh pastries is fresh and tastes amazing. Macaroons are a must try, and the bacon & egg on a croissant is to die for. Haven't tried any of their salads or dinner snacks yet but can't wait to come back for that.,|,
2pm Sunday.  closed  thought the sign said Tavern.,|,
I have been coming here since I was a kid! They have since changed spots but their beef salad thingy is SO GOOD. Very thankful for local Vancouver Restaurants!,|,
The most delicious and authentic cuban food in town! I truly enjoyed the casual and relaxed ambience; exceptional customer service.  I would highly recommend this restaurant! Desserts and coffees absolutely AMAZING!,|,
This place is awesome!!! I ate here for the first time last week and the food was amazing. Very authentic compared to other most "mexican" in Texas, which are really tex-mex. Everything on the menu sounds good and the servers were great. Loved it!,|,
I've been to Bella Mano twice and I will soon be making my third visit for a x-mas mani and pedi. The girls are super friendly, the place is clean and reasonably priced. I have no complaints. They other a ton of other services that I want to try as well. :-),|,
I have been shopping at this BB since it opened in the Mueller shopping center. It has always been top notch. Always fast and easy parking and great service. It is even easy when I have returns like I did today. Hands down, the best BB in town.  Add to that that it has a Magnolia inside and it is darn near perfect.,|,
This place is SO BAD for me. But SO GOOD.  Worth the money. It's your classic "melt-in-your-mouth" freshly baked cookies. Even better than my roommate's homemade cookies (but don't tell her I said that).,|,
It's a transit center at Vancouver Mall, and it's great on paper, due to it being ... well, a transit center. It's usually clean, but thanks to it being at a mall, there are teens and a various assortment of people smoking cigarettes and being generally obnoxious nearby. My advice? Get off the bus, and find where you're supposed to be going next, as quickly as you can.,|,
Best sandwich place near Tufts. Hands Down.  The menu is huge but not as big as the sandwiches...and they're so cheap! I LOVE the prosciutto/mozzarella/tomato sandwich especially, but everything I've gotten there has been great!  also a good selection of olives, stuffed peppers and other antipasto type Italian treats...  If you live in the Medford/Tufts area and you haven't been to Bob's you are really missing out!,|,
Great tasting tacos for Vancouver standards! There aren't a lot of authentic Mexican restaurants in Vancouver, but this place serves some tacos that reminded me of the food in Tijuana, Mexico.   The service is friendly and the ingredients for their tacos are high quality and fresh. I tried most of their tacos and they were all very delicious. Prices are on the expensive side for the size of their tacos, but one has to remember that you're still in Vancouver.,|,
This is such a gem right in the middle of Austin!!! Vintage bar stools at a bar with malts and burgers makes you feel like you are back in the 50's. I had the pimiento cheese with chips and it was delicious! Fun experience for kids,|,
AMAZING! The gyro and onion rings are worth the 25 miles drive from Kissimmee.  This is now my favorite go to place!,|,
Lunch is inexpensive and the options come with roll and soup.  I always have left overs.,|,
Even though this is a huge brand, they haven't lost the local brewery feel.   Tour guides are funny, yet very knowledgeable.   Of course it ends in the gift shop, but there is something in there for everyone.  The beer was surprisingly cheap. 2 pints and the flight of the day was $23. Would've been more in our hometown.,|,
I love this place. Amazing food, drinks and customer service. Great ambiance and beautiful space too. I wish that parking was a bit easier to find at times, but it's totally worth it in the end. I've been here multiple times and have never been let down. Definitely a gem!,|,
Really friendly staff, quick service, great food (for I-hop). Also probably one of the cleanest I-hop locations I have ever been to.,|,
Loved my Swedish massage.  I didn't want to get up from the table.  It was worth every penny.  I recommend to get here early before your services at least 30-45 minutes prior so you can enjoy the whirpool, steam room, and sauna.  Arrive 10 minutes to tea room to relax and await your therapist to greet you.,|,
Best burger I've had in Atlanta. Gourmet ingredients and delicious beef! Definitely give this a try if you're in the mood for a well prepared burger. Got the regular burger with smoked Gouda cheese and Parmesan fries!,|,
Spent the week on Austin sampling chile rellenos and these were the best. Nice and spivey. Staff was very pleasant.   Great atmosphere.,|,
Fantastic coffee!  You can tell they take their coffee and tea seriously.  So excited to have a real cafe a few blocks away!,|,
I love the Firecracker roll and the Crazy roll. Sometimes I find that the rolls will have an overabundance of imitation crab and a sliver of avocado. But they're well made and taste good. Prices are a little cheaper than the nearby sushi places. It is a smaller place and I've heard that when dining in, you often leave smelling of oil. Shares a parking lot with a bunch of other businesses as well so it's a little chaotic around lunch and dinner times.,|,
We eat lots of pizza in austin, but this place is freaking great! Frost mug for my beer, and the Athena (add pepperoni), the best. Just the best. Also, the place is super clean and friendly. Worth the try and good prices.,|,
This place is a very solid Vietnamese restaurant. The atmosphere is pretty typical for restaurants in Chinatown. I got the Bun Bo Hue Special, a thicker noodle Pho that I always get at Pho places. One good thing I learned is that they can increase the size of the order for you for a few dollars, most places only has size option on certain phos. The pho was very tasting and inexpensive, just like how a great pho place should be, will definitely return.,|,
My wife and I loved the food here.  I had the chicken & waffles and she had eggs.  The food was fast and the service was excellent.  When I go back to Vancouver I will be back.,|,
I've been back a couple of times since my last review. They really redeemed themselves! I ordered mild papaya salad and mild beef laab cause I was eating it with other people otherwise I would get it as spicy as possible! It was good it had a nice kick but not unbearable for some. We ordered so much food though and food coma is not going to allow me to write a lengthy review so I'll just post pictures!,|,
Had a great lunch. Asian Chicken Salad. Fresh and tasty. Great service, sat at the bar.,|,
They have the best and freshest smoothies. I love this place. They are not far from my doctors office so I usually walk there after my appointments since you have to pay for a minimum of 1 hour parking,|,
The food was 'eh. I can't say it was bad or delicious.   A bit too Americanize to be a great Mexican spot,|,
Very nice spot. Nice local feel with friendly staff. Feels family run. The outside looks very generic but the inside is nicely done. The food is very good and the prices are very reasonable! I highly recommend!!,|,
Amazing restaurant... they also serve half of each vegetarian dish you order. The food was great just need to improve on the wait time to be seated. Will come back here:-),|,
I feel like they just were not trying.  They seem to be proud of their bacon, so naturally I ordered the B.L.T.  Flavorless tomatoes, white lettuce, and the bacon, oh the bacon.  The dry, evenly hot, beggin' strip looking bacon.  Judging from how dry and evenly hot the bacon was, my only guess is that it was microwaved.   A MICROWAVE!!!! What a sin!  What a shame!  Simply disappointing.,|,
The people there were awesome, great ambiance. The burgers were a little over hyped, good but not great. The fries were excellent, and the milkshakes were amazing. I'll give it a back seat to the Twisted Root Burger Co.,|,
Yes, part of a big chain but what sets this restaurant / brewery apart from the pack are the gorgeous views of the Columbia River which can be seen from inside or outside on their deck. Great menu, outstanding selection of beers (go for the Waterfront IPA) and a friendly staff make this a go to when in the Vancouver area.,|,
Tried them for the first time today and I was certainly not disappointed! They were pretty busy seeing as it was around game time and I really appreciated that everyone was working well to try and minimize the wait time, especially since I was on my break from work. They were also super friendly which made my overall experience that much better. I saw a gentleman training a girl, and I assume he's the manager, but he looks like a great leader, very patient and nice. Keep up the great work!,|,
There were maybe 8 tables in the restaurant,  yet the waitress was too busy talking to her buddies to assist us. Food was horrible!  My daughters honey bbq wing sauce tasted spoiled,  and the Thai curry sauce was sour, not sweet as the menu synopsis stated.    Yuck!,|,
Busy bee was my go to place for food.  But over the years the food and the service has declined. The food can get a bit pricey,|,
Very nice presentation and service.  The americano is nice but I prefer a stronger/ bolder taste.,|,
This is my go to place for music. Great food. Good service. Definitely need to check out for happy hour drinks as well. Nice outdoors area. Reasonable prices.,|,
I've been hearing about Ethiopian food lately so I had to try. Well, it's really good. Desta gave us a pleasant experience . Nice servers, good environment and the food was delicious. We had the vegetarian combo and the fish dulete. We definitely will be back!,|,
Excellent place for a night with fiends. Good wine and food. Never saw a manager and this is a bad location  for groups of friends that come when they all say how rude the waitress was and they say this repeatedly. This includes her helper. They really are just not happy to be there or make a night pleasant.  The worst was a couple left our group because they were so put off by the servers lack of response and rudeness. Makes a night not worth it with this type of behavior!,|,
I really appreciate  everything about this establishment. The food is wonderful, on par with some very high end places in Boston. The service is warm and welcoming. I highly recommend eating here.,|,
Yum! Stopped in to see what the vibe was like and asked for the best sandwich. He recommended the Italian and it did not disappoint! The sweet peppers really made it.  I wouldn't mind a half sandwich option, as I only finished half. Cute little market/deli and we'll be back to check out the butcher shop.,|,
Amazing empanadas!  Menu items are all pretty much under $10.  My kids like to try new things even my 6 year old loved it.,|,
Delicious .  One of the better sandwich shoppes in the area !  Recommend the raisin cookies,|,
The Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum is a rich collection of an individual's view of the world, religion, and spirit for art collecting. I was very impressed going through the museum and seeing the quality and insight into each art item purchased and displayed. The size of the Museum is perfect to spend that "extra" time to reflect and endeavor to gain that special insight.   I highly recommend the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum.,|,
Yum! We tried both savory and sweet waffle combinations. However, I would go with the sweet combinations. The waffle was a bit sweet for what my savory option was. But it was still amazing! I would recommend trying their lemonades yum yum yum!,|,
Had an amazing birthday dinner here in October. Really cool aquariums and the food was delicious. Great spot for a special occasion.,|,
This hotel is beautiful!  The staff is amazing and the conference we attended was so well executed.  I can't believe how smoothly everything went.    Not to mention the eclectic duck ceremony they host twice a day.    Their pool area looked awesome as well but I wasn't here long enough to check it out.  This is the perfect hotel if you are coming with your family or for business!,|,
I've only had the buffet at the Clay Pit. I believe they change up the buffet on a daily basis. Everything I had was pretty tasty. I was able to try some dishes I was not familiar with. All in all my visit was pleasant. The only negative is the parking, but it's downtown and I guess I can't complain too much.,|,
yummy yummy food, standard restaurant ambiance. not fancy, but fine.  nice waitstaff too.   and tofu pad thai is YUMM-O!,|,
I come here frequently. Honestly I would live here if I could. Love the atmosphere and and the river view. Aztec salad with chicken, or adult grilled cheese with tots are my go-to orders. Used to really like the turkey sandwich too, but they changed the sauce and now it's too onion-y for my taste.,|,
We spent a day in Vancouver before our Alaska cruise. Meat & Bread was the first meal we had in town. It was so delicious that now, nearly 7 months later I still crave the porcheta sandwich I ate there. I hope that I'll return to Vancouver someday and I already have the first stop planned--Meat & Bread!,|,
El Patron the best restaurant ever!  If I could give it 10 stars I would Our waiter Rene was truly Awesome!!!,|,
A excellent nail salon that I highly recommend the staff is friendly and professional My mails look amazing and have held up really well for over 3 weeks now,|,
The lack of great Mexican restaurants in Vancouver is why I'm giving this place 4 stars, other wise I would have given this place a 3.   It was alright. I've tried majority of the Mexican taco places in van and this wasn't worth the hype.    The pickled jalapeños and veggies was great though. So keep that up.,|,
Hands down the best gelato in town :)  Will be back to try the amazing looking desserts soon!,|,
This is such a gem in Lansdowne Mall. Dumplings, noodle soup bowls, green onion pancakes, and beef rolls. So good. You can even see them making the dumplings fresh right infront of you. If more food court restaurants were like this, fast food wouldn't have such a bad rep.,|,
True genuine chinese hotpot with lots of choices. Nice services too! The waitress gave us complimentary slurpies!,|,
Johnny D's is awesome.  We started going here around 2004 to see Beatlejuice and we fell in love with the place.  It gets SUPER crowded during Beatlejuice shows and during their jazz brunch.  Sometimes the staff is rude when it's crowded.  Yummy blintzes though, for brunch.  All their food is good.  They get some great, semi-obscure musicians to play there, too!  (David Lindley, Garland Jeffreys)...a really fun venue.,|,
The tour was really entertained.  If you like something relaxing, this is the place after a whole day walking in the theme park.  My wife and I did the chocolate and wine testing.  We love it.  We didn't know that wine and chocolate together go that well. I really recommend it.,|,
This review is for the lounge area, as we did not eat in the restaurant.  It was awesome!  A great respite to have a cocktail (extensive selection) and appetizer in late afternoon.  Great service and beautiful setting.  Ample seating available both inside and out.  This will be on our list to visit next time we are in Animal Kingdom.  And the pork ribs were incredible!!,|,
I came once to check this place out and see if i like..... And i love it for many reasons, 1- the RED CARPET SERVICE, 2- the food is fresh and very tasty, 3- the place is super clean and most importantly the price is affordable. Thats why i gave this place five stars with no regret :),|,
First things first, if you don't know, this is a sports bar so don't come here if you aren't ready to hear several loud conversations about sports! I ordered a burger and fry, good food and great price. Sticky floors when I walked but oddly enough the chairs would slide so it was hard to sit still. It was extremely loud and my waiter had to lean down close just to hear me. Ordered a drink too but can't remember the name, way too strong and tasted like just rum and mint.,|,
Great place love the smoked mushroom ravioli, wine selection and staff.  Just wished they would take reservations,|,
Checked this place out on a recommendation of a friend. They have an extensive menu, and offer a lot of diverse dishes. I thought the spring rolls were good (and big!), but not the best. I tried the basil chicken fried rice - not something I'd order again but was tasty. Service was friendly and quick, and over-all price was great for the amount of food on the plate. Definitely will come back - there's a few other dishes I want to try.,|,
Great prices for a filling lunch.  Not a fan of the chicken.  It has a funky metallic after taste, but the vegetarian options are pretty good.  The chutneys are excellent, especially the spicy one.,|,
The food was just okay this visit. My drink order was not carried out correctly nor was one of our entrees. It was not all that busy. Besides that, the place was actually very nice. The atmosphere was live and hip. The people inside were enjoying themselves. When our correct food came, I was not super impressed. Portions are very small. I guess that's to be expected in the high rent area.,|,
Great place to eat. Great food and the scenery is very nice. We went for my sister's bday and the service was quick and the staff was awesome!!!!,|,
I absolutely loved this place!!! We came here for a little happy hour but ended up ordering almost the entire happy hour menu. The food came out pretty quickly and the atmosphere of the restaurant is very pleasant. I definitely recommend ordering the green beans, mussels, and their tartare!!! All are very delicious and reasonably priced. Very happy with this restaurant and I will be coming back.,|,
when you want a nice and cheap meal or it's 3am. This is the place.,|,
Rolled in here with 6 people after 8pm. Place was about half full, the servers were very polite, helpful and fast. Food was as expected, typical Denny's. my experience was good/positive, not like the other posts...,|,
My favorite place for breakfast in the PDX area.  The food is fantastic and the company in this village diner are second to none.  Whenever I have people visit me in the river city, we make sure we make a breakfast visit to Fat City.    Lastly, I have never  had a bad dish and the cinnamon roll french toast is heavenly.  This Cafe is a must visit for foodies!,|,
I've never been in the store itself, but the cafe is amazing!! I get the Thayer Street Sandwich w/ portabello mushroom and goat cheese almost every time I go there. I've tried a few other salads and sandwiches and they're all delicious! Get the Spinach Apple Salad. So good. The decor in the cafe  is cute, obviously featuring some of the company's furniture. I'm only there for the food though!,|,
Great dinner at the bar - very friendly atmosphere, excellent music selection, no TV blaring, good bartender.  Food was delicious, spicy, interesting. Definitely recommend.,|,
Great location with plenty of parking around. If you have a handicap plate or placard you can park in metered handicapped spots while on your cruise. The folks that worked the checkin process were good and everything was smooth, much better and efficient than bigger ports like Tampa, Miami.,|,
Jerry aka Jordan gives great service.  110%. When you order,  whatever, how often he never gives you an attitude.  He's  always polite.  Drinks  and salsa great too!,|,
Amazing cappuccino. Best I've had in a long time. Waffles and the caramel dip were really good too. Not a big fan of the lavender dip though. The lamb meatballs stew tasted amazing. Great place for brunch!,|,
Great selection, staff all have great attitudes, and to top it off, great burgers and fries.    They were efficient during the line process and once seated.  Green chili cheese fries were over the top and the truffle fries were almost as good.  Definitely will return and suggest you give him a try.,|,
Tropical grouper to die for.  Unfortunately, that my fish eating friends was about 7 years ago. They had it on special and it was amazing. They do have uncomfortable picnic table seating and a loud, bright decor and bad service.  Not a fan of those things.  I'm from Boston and love seafood, this place is cafeteria seafood at best.  It is not worth going to.,|,
Free appetizer with a yelp check-in!  We chose the samosa chat and it was delicious.  I had goat saag paneer as an entrée because I haven't seen the option on many Indian menus before.  It was good, not great, but solid. But service really pushed this from a 3 to 4 star review: I don't recall our server's name but he was attentive without being overbearing and that impacted the experience in a very positive way.,|,
Great service and solid comfort food choices. Got the steak BLT salad and bread pudding. Both really good size portions and great flavors.,|,
Great food everytime, polite and friendly service. Consistency is key and Macho Taco has got it. Love this place!,|,
Haven't tried the pizza but the salad. If you want a meal from a salad, do not get a small! Get a medium. The Chinese Chop salad was very good, but the dressing was a little spicy for me.,|,
Completely obsessed with the design. Bartender was on point. Got a Martinez, olives, and an oyster.,|,
The food was delicious, the service was great. We arrived around 2:30 and buffet was until 3, so a few items ran low or out but everything that we tasted was delicious. The owner was very kind and attentive. I do want to point out that the lunch buffet costs $12, not $9.99 and you pay at the end.,|,
Try the Lamb Chops and a specialty Martini... TO DIE FOR.,|,
I love this place!  It is like going to Grandma's house!  The staff are always smiling and making sure you are enjoying everything.  Amazing Happy Hour too!,|,
amazing burgers really pricey not worth it but defiantly a must try! big thanks to Yobored.com for always helping me find new places to eat!,|,
Really kind of average. None of the fish seemed particularly fresh, and nothing really stood out. Not the place to come if you are really looking for super high-quality sushi,|,
Nicest staff ever (I have never seen the guy not smiling), fantastic thin crust pizza and cheap! So good!,|,
Came here for a late bite the other night, I had driven by this place before and never thought it would be as good as it is. I ordered a slice of cheese, even though it was late the cashier and the pizza workers were super friendly and nice. Great service and asked if I needed or wanted anything else. The pizza is delicious and the prices are good too. I'm from New York City and this is the closest I have gotten to NYC style pizza. Great job on the flavor and the pizza crust. YUM!!!!,|,
I had a carry out order of general tso chicken.It was really good.Sweet and hot.Like evevyone else said,Fresh and no mystery meat. I will have it again.The lunch size is  a lot of food.,|,
Green Noise is rapidly becoming my favorite place to shop for new and used vinyl.  The sign brags that they are the best record shop on Gladstone (a joke maybe), but I'm inclined to say they're one of the best, period.  Selection is mostly punk, alternative, and soul, but the prices are refreshingly modest and I can always find something of value in the stacks of LPs.  One of the local album buying treasures, to be sure!,|,
Yeaaaa this place was a surprising find indeed, but a great one.  I had some loaded queso and beef steak tipsand both were absolutely amazing.  I will admit that parking is horrible, but it's worth it once you go inside.  I didn't try the margaritas unfortunately, but will update my review once I do.  Until then, I'll be dreaming of some stacked enchiladas.,|,
Absolutely the worst place I've ever been. Horrible service, over 30 min to get our food and there were only 3 other tables in the whole place and our food was cold. And 25 min to get the check from the time we asked for it.The worst food I've ever had. Flavorless and cheap food substitutes like cheese steak used in a quesadilla and cream cheese instead of sour cream. Avoid this restaurant. Im only giving one star because this site won't allow me to give zero.,|,
This store brings together the best of kitchen, bath and living doodads that you didn't realize you desperately needed until you walked in there. a silicone gravy brush? check. one of those cheese slicer thingies with the slicing wire? check. bathroom cabinetry? indeed.  this is another one of those stores you can just wander around for hours.  average prices for uncommon goods.,|,
We have been going to Kim Phung for 14 years, have tried most of the items on the menu, and have YET to have anything we haven't absolutely loved!  This is one of the restaurants in Austin to which we make a point of taking people who are visiting the city.  Invariably, they love it.,|,
We don't get to come here enough. Great people and a fun atmosphere. Plus hockey games!!,|,
I wasn't even sure if I liked macaroons but we were having a french themed party so I decided to get some. I had no idea they'd be the hit of the party. I should have gotten more! Everyone kept raving about how good they were and they were easily the favorite dish of the evening. The oreo and Chipoltle Choc. went first but all of the flavors were great. They were beautiful and tasty and with a central location for pick up it was really easy. Thanks! I'll be placing another order soon.,|,
Love the Super HEB in Kyle. The produce section has fresh fruit's and vegetables. One of my favorites is the bulk isle with a variety of items that allow you to purchase a little or a lot. Glad to have a Texas based grocery store near home.,|,
Worth the wait and you're gonna wait for sure, especially on a weekend. Great service, great atmosphere, and of course, great food.  The waffle is a must and it pretty much doesn't matter what you get it with, although chocolate is divine. They also make very tasty espresso based drinks. If I lived in Vancouver I would eat here for sure at least once every couple of weeks.,|,
Had lunch here today and I cannot say enough.  With the exception of their oyster crackers and malt vinegar, THE KITCHEN IS GLUTEN FREE!!!  It is so nice to finally get to eat out, not worry about gluten contamination and not be eating cardboard!!!  My husband had the fish tacos ("best fish tacos since living in San Diego" - the husband) and I had the Chili fry cod fish and chips.  Amazing!   I cannot wait to come back!,|,
Had a lamb skewer and a chicken skewer over salad. The meat was tender and the juicy marinade is a very tasty combo of spices.  Definitely a great place to grab lunch.,|,
I love this place. Sushi is mediocre but there are tasty options and prices are great during HH. Seared yellowtail with sliced green chiles is my fave. The star of the show is the Chinese hand pulled noodles though. This place has some of the best noodles in town and the proof is the Chinese transplants/students that regularly eat there. If you haven't been, just go. It's not expensive and my family loves it.,|,
Delicious! Such a cute little spot. My boyfriend and I love coming here for date night. It's never too crowded, and it's a delicious, affordable dinner. I love the maki combo. Everyone is friendly, and I'm always excited to return. 5 stars!!,|,
Server started out iffy but warmed to us.  Have to fight for the crab legs.   Not worth the up charge due to all the hassle.  Food was okay. Lots of variety.   Chef had nothing on our chef at home at Royal Buffett in Rowlette.  No pride in work and very limited options compared to our usual stop.  Five star bonus is a joke. 1 point for entire party of 6 instead of usual $1/1pt.,|,
I just walked in and no surprise they're super busy on a Friday evening. Within seconds I was told someone was ready for me. AWESOME! Now I'm currently getting a pedicure and my technician is extremely attentive and making sure that I get a great service. Just in the few mins of being here I know I'll be a returning customer for sure! It doesn't take an entire visit to make this sort of decision, you immediately know if you mesh with a person or not.,|,
I love the Yi Soon Bakery! It is a really authentic Asian bakery. It is like something you would find in Chinatown. All of the sweets are really tasty and the ladies who work here are so friendly.,|,
Nice rooms, clean facility, good price.  Rooms have stove, microwave, frig.  Very skimpy continental breakfast...instant oatmeal, packaged muffins and granola bars.  No fruit, yogurt, bagels...  Coffee was decent, but only powdered creamer.  Conveniently located across from a good grocery store!,|,
2nd visit. Scotch egg just as delicious. Salmon hash had salmon to potato ratio approx. 1:10, so that was a bit disappointing.,|,
Awesome chips....very light,and not excessively salty like many other places and very fresh food.,|,
They have everything you need for anything outdoors. I find the salespeople pretty friendly here and usually someone comes up to me to ask if I need help. Yes, prices can be higher here compared to other outdoor stores, but I think you are paying for better quality here. It also depends on what kind of outdoors recreation you are doing, if you need rock climbing gear to triathlons. If you going backpacking, great packs here!,|,
beer.....great atmosphere........whimsical food.....exceptionally average  great meetup spot to get away from the wife and kids if you know what im saying so many tvs very friendly wait staff left my number in a receipt and got several texts back  strong rec from the team,|,
Made me feel very welcome and really took her time:-) Gel French mani came out amazing!!,|,
Phenomenal service! Our waitress was incredibly knowledgeable and came back with a detailed list of vegetarian/vegan-friendly options. A good selection of delicious options.   Nice atmosphere. Huge portions-- had enough for 5 meals out of one dish. Pricey, but worth it.  Try the sorbet mix for dessert-- superb!,|,
We went there for drinks and dessert. The staff was pretty friendly and the desserts were really good.,|,
The pizza was fabulous!! Great taste. You can split pizzas- we got half "the classic" and half "hot mama" and a full chicken Gouda. I was impressed with the flavor and combination of ingredients. Defiantly one of the better speciality pizzas I've had. I wasn't a huge fan of the tables/seating. I felt crunched in a booth with the rest of our party. I wish we had more room to spread out.,|,
Their migas tacos... best in Austin!!! My bf and I come here every chance we get. The tortas are huge and the quesadillas are enormous and stuffed with meat, cheese, lettuce, tomato, avocado, and sour cream. So yum!!!!,|,
Food was pretty good, service was good, and the music was very relaxing (the Shins, Ray LaMontagne, etc.). Can be a little tight when you sit at the bar, but overall a good option if you're in this section of this frustrating airport.,|,
Just bought a latex bliss from this lovely store. I couldn't be happier with the service. The environment of the store is very cozy and welcoming. Buying a mattress is never an easy task but this staff makes you feel like it's one of the peaceful parts of life.,|,
Coming from the UK I know a good curry, and their Lamb March Masala with a pint of Kingfisher was one of the best I've had. The service is great, our waiter helped make the evening memorable and enjoyable for the whole party.,|,
This place was pretty sweet.  I had a philly cheesesteak that was really, really good.  Some friends and I split an order of their Blue Cheese chips, and those were excellent.  97 Estroia's got a pretty decent beer selection.  Any place that has Woodchuck Pear Cider on tap is good in my book.  The service was really good, too.  We had a party of about 15 people and one waitress.  She keep up with everything.,|,
Not a fan! Pizza ok but chicken parm and garlic bread were super soggy. Ok to bring kids for there $5 cheese pizza,|,
Prepare to wait in line if you plan to come here for dinner. Soup is great and creamy.,|,
Not sure why so many negative comments about this place. We've been there 3 times in the past year and each experience has been great. Noticed lots of complaints on Yelp about noise - we've never found this to an issue.   Favorite dish from our group last night was the Brasato di Cinghiale. Menu description: Four Hour Braised Wild Boar Ragu, Truffle Mascarpone Gnocchi, Shaved Pecorino Tartufo. Would absolutely recommend Tuscan Kitchen for dinner.,|,
Ate here when staying at the (mediocre) Coast hotel.  I have eaten at different locations for this chain.  Meh.  Ok I guess.  Some of the bench seats need new upholstery and there is dinge and dirt all over in nooks and crannies.  Hotel and restaurant are well matched, in my opinion.,|,
A local recommended this spot since I've already had Rudy's. Neat cafeteria style concept but, my meat was cold. Green beans and banana pudding was yummy. Sausage was heavenly and so was the ribs...turkey meh. On top of it being cold, it was dry too. It was alright but, nothing to write back home to Kansas City about.,|,
Consistent food quality and extremely bad service. I always have to wait for chicken to be fried for my order. When the order is wrong, there is no apology, only excuses.  Frustrating!,|,
Very good food, but either get there early or be willing to eat almost anything, because by about 1pm they're out of a lot of things (including big ingredients like noodles).  Also, be ready to wait in a very, very long line that doesn't move very quickly. The quality of the food makes it totally worth it, as long as you're not in a dreadful hurry.,|,
Went here for lunch and was really disappointed. The Pad Thai tasted like something from Lean Cuisine, which is a shame as this is usually my barometer for Thai food places. California roll and Avocado roll along with crab stick nigiri all were what you'd expect from Kroger's sushi department. Not bad, but nothing to get excited about. I've wanted a good Thai restaurant in Little 5 for along time. Looks like I'll have to wait a little longer.,|,
The ambiance is kinda divey, or maybe it's just plain. The food however is absolutely delicious.,|,
POINTS for the creepy name, logo and ladies nightgown hanging ominously in the bathroom.  Love it.  Our service was so slow, but our drinks were so good.  The place is so loud, but it's so cozy and warm.  Our dinners were solid, but the peanut butter banana chocolate dessert was out of this flippin' galaxy.  It's a bit of a mixed bag but I won't lie, the cool factor will bring me back.  The dessert may or may not have anything to do with it...,|,
If you are working in the Fort Point area, this is a nice place to go for lunch and to enjoy a refreshing beer/drink. I had the crab cakes, which were seasoned perfectly. Casual atmosphere and they are very accommodating with larger groups as well.,|,
I must admit that this is first time I have written a review of a gas station/convenience store but it worth writing about.  The facility is new and clean.  They have a good variety of products.  But what really makes it a pleasure to go there is the employees.  They are very helpful and friendly all the time.  If you are needing some quick fuel or a snack I would HIGHLY suggest this place.,|,
I know Yelp is normally a review site for food/drinks but I went to the Jolly Roger on Sat night for music and it sucked. I hope the owner of this place realizes that TV's, Neon beer signs and no dancing room does not make a good live music venue. It's pretty simple, just turn those TV's off, unplug the neon beer signs and make some room. You have potential and great bands.,|,
Great place to meet for a drink before heading out for the night. Open, airy, and good lighting. If you are trying to meet up with friends coming into city, this works great. Easy to spot people. Staff was very pleasant and drinks were tasty.,|,
Was extremely disappointed in our experience at Fore.  The service was OK and the food as decent.  It was still Happy Hour so I ordered a drink.  They had the liquor listed on Happy Hour for $5.50 so I ordered a drink on the rocks.  On the bill, the liquor was $5.50 and the "rock" was an additional $1.38.  Seems pricey for a small glass of ice, I'm afraid to think how much extra a whiskey and coke would have been!!  Was hoping for a good neighborhood spot, will never go back.,|,
The dumplings and green onion pancakes were very fresh and delicious. I also recommend the steamed bun with condensed milk.,|,
The food looks really good here and the kids 30, seem really happy. We came here with a large group and the service was so fast. The owners had the ice water set and tables set. Fantastic!  The meal comes with hot tea. The kids give it a thumbs up.  Thai ice tea, thai iced coffee.  Pitchers of water on the table. Oregon thai food rocks.  Thank you Sam,|,
A/C broken but the food is ok one of the ppl working there told me the air was broken for almost 2 weeks I will not go back into the A/c is fix this is not a 3rd world country  if so can I get third world prices,|,
Came here because everyone we know raves about it. Can't believe we waited so long! The burger was perfect and the buffalo chicken sandwich tasted like a chicken wing sandwich (super crispy and hot). Soooo good. We came during the Sunday game and it definitely showed that this is a lot of people's go to place. Will be back for sure! (HUGE portions as well),|,
I have been here twice.  Food is always excellent.  Between myself and my Partner-In-Dine and I we have tried half-a-dozen menu items.  From main course to dessert we have always been pleased and satisfied.  My only complaint is that the building, decor, flooring, etc. are terribly run down.  I find the physical appearance to be somewhat off putting.,|,
I got the Chicken with Asparagus and Bourbon sauce mixed with Bacon, Muchrooms and something else and it was damn good!  Walked in with a party of 5 at 9pm on a Saturday night and were seated immediately but it was downstairs.  Upstairs was popping with open glass to let in the nice weather.  Downstairs was still very nicely decorated and a great atmosphere.  I will definately go back again!,|,
This is absolutely the best wax you'll find anywhere, and on top of that, it's also an incredibly good price. Rachel is really fun to talk to, and puts you at ease immediately. Plus she's quick, and her website has online booking, which is really quick and easy to use. I recently moved to the east coast, 1700 miles away, and I'm going to make sure I schedule a wax whenever I'm in town to visit. I wish I could take her with me to Virginia!,|,
This was the worst Dunkin Donuts I have ever been to. All of the staff seem to be annoyed with their customers and coworkers. No customer service skills! One employee was dumping trash and then helped a customer without washing his hands. Disgusting! There are too many Dunkin Donuts around to waste your time going here.,|,
Takes forever, nice clean decor but no character in this place at all, and coffee tastes exactly like every other local coffee place in Vancouver. What's with that?,|,
Gotta say great place with totally great food. Authentic Latin flavors from Colombia, Venezuela, and Cuba. Had the Lechon Asado with white rice and black beans. Great flavors! Strongly recommend it!,|,
Came expecting average American Cuisine. Blown away by the atmosphere and the food. So happy we came here. The service was excellent thanks to our server Carl. Who was able to recommend a great item to everyone in our party of 6. But what really got me was the Whovian drinks on the menu named after some great moment in Doctor Who. Only wish we came here sooner than today. Since my trip is almost over I will make this place my last meal in Atlanta before I depart back to my hometown.,|,
basically: don't bother, try someplace else Went with four people and order the veg/meat combo that sells per person. The food was not that tasty, injera lacking flavor, and the price is exorbitant for the quality/quantity of food. I've had way better in Philly, tucsonArizona and other places in Boston.  Won't come here again unless someone else is paying and I'm having a craving for bland ethiopian,|,
Azteca is a great place to eat. The food is much better than your alternative in the area (El Vaquero) and the prices are great!,|,
Having moved to Miami from Houston over 15 years ago we truly missed this little gem. We constantly travel to Orlando for the theme parks and was super happy to find that they are here! My favorite is the potato soup and Cesar salad, the chicken pesto is and of course the strawberries  romanoff. This one is very quaint, the food very fresh, and the free bread, butter and jam delicious!,|,
GOLD MINE. This place is a gold mine... Whammy chow mein vs Daisy garden (closed for now btw).  The outside looking great. Surprisingly for a building on W 7th.  As its in the light industrial area. Inside the feel is kinda of cozy and the seat are comfortable.   AWSOME shrimp gyoza. Delish won ton soup (heaven)... For a dine-in or a take out both option=fresh dish.  This place is there for while. And here to stay... Whammy!!,|,
Nice organization, friendly staff, pretty much my Platonic ideal of a neighborhood book shop.  Absurdly cheap, at least for the stuff I got. Additional points for having lots of Anne Sexton and H.D.  October seems to be 1/2 off most poetry books, so it is definitely a good time to get down to Huron Village and slake your bibliophilia.,|,
While I haven't personally had repair at Metropolis yet, I've been in on two separate occasions with a friend. They've been fast and fair. Last visit, they were friendly and chatting with me about my new bicycle and I was a little jealous of some of the models they sell there, instead.  Hope everyone checks this shop out when they need a repair, or even if you're thinking about a purchase. Accessories are fair-priced, if I'd bought a lock I bought elsewhere there, I would've saved $5.00.,|,
I think if I found I had one day to live, I would come here.  Everything is incredible.  The German chocolate cake will change your life.  We've had the apple, blueberry, cherry, strawberry / rhubarb pies and each are awesome.  My kids like the cupcakes and cookies and little treats.  We had the chocolate cream pie and the Raspberry cream cheese pie last Saturday and, as expected, they were fantastic.  Staff is always helpful and you definately get a feel of a neighborhood bakery.,|,
Came to The Bishop after seeing all the great reviews but didn't get treated well at all on my visit with my partner. The service was okay, food was good as expected but the management is piss poor. Turning down money because of a small rip in the bill? To my knowledge it is illegal to turn down legal tender. I've worked in numerous fine dining restaurants and I've never heard of this "policy". Was told my money wasn't good enough... Defiantly need better management. Not some dirty dyke.,|,
Didn't know this place was there until last week. All those years wasted not trying this place sooner. I am always in search of great cupcakes and this place works. Friendly shop too.,|,
So yummy.  Love going there for their roast beef sandwiches, or their french bread, or their chopped liver.  So many great choices and consistently high quality.,|,
This place is pretty hit-or-miss.  The prices are pretty high...but I could overlook that if the food was all really good.  Unfortunately, I've had some things here I don't like.  Their sandwiches are just OK and their cupcakes are nothing special.  Makes me really miss Chocolate Pink (RIP)!  Something I do like, though, are their scones.  The apricot and white chocolate scone is very delicious.,|,
While the drinks are prepared fantastically, the staff is the best part of this bar. They are so sweet and welcoming. If I lived near here, I would be a regular. It's not often you find such great people in tandem with great drinks.,|,
Another favorite place of mine to pick up sexy little tops and dresses, high-end jeans, pretty earrings. I love the staff and the place. I usually hit this nice little boutique and its neighbors when I'm in the mood to shop. Not cheap, but you can find items that aren't outasight and they always have great sales - even on stuff that's still "of the moment.",|,
This is a top-rate shop in Atlanta; the septum piercing I recieved from Brian was virtually painless and was perfectly placed. They are by far the most anal-retentive shop I've visited, but I mean that in a good way. Brian took the time to thoroughly explain how everything was cleaned, what tools he would be using and made me feel like I was in good hands.,|,
Awesome steaks and the brie appetizer is so amazing it should be a dessert!   Consistently good over several visits.  The Blue Ox never disappoints unless you can't get a reservation!,|,
Definitely one of the best pizza places in Atlanta. Unusually friendly, neighborhood atmosphere. Well priced.,|,
Would give this location 5 stars but the guy who makes the frappuccinos was super slow, which is very annoying when you have to start work in 20 minutes and he takes 35 to make the drink orders.,|,
This place is pretty decent.  I haven't been there on a weekend night but some nights after the gym when I'm too lazy too cook I ruin all the work I did with a burger and a bud or some wings.  Burger and Bud is like 7 bucks - cheese is free on the burger I think...comes with fries with are also good.  10 cent wings too!  I know on the weekends it gets really crowded and it's pretty small, there are two sides so that helps a little bit.,|,
Love Ipnosi for trendy dresses and cute tops. Fun selection and fantastic prices. I wouldn't say it tends to be the best quality clothes, but perfect for trendy items. Fun selection of jewelry and accessories too.,|,
4.5 star to be accurate. The booth is really good. I seldom had chicken ramen before but it tastes really good. The size is not large though I had to order two to have enough food.,|,
Really enjoyed the happy hour tacos and mole dish. Great flavor on both. - especially the pork.  The drinks were as I would expect, but good price on happy hour. Server was above average and had a great vibe. She offer water for our dog, which was much appreciated. The chili rellenos was out of this world, so much flavor with right about of veggies, spice and quinoa.  The bloody Maria looked delicious with the added bacon !! We didn't have but the table next to us said it was really good.,|,
My first time at this nail salon . I came in for a full set. I am very particular about my nails but they exceeded my expectations . I am from California so I guess now I'm going to have to get my nails done here in Boston . Highly recommend this nail salon .,|,
Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Columbus today. I love the community style table. At first we thought we would be too close to our neighbors, but that was not the case. It actually made it more fun and easy going to have a progressive meal and taking our time with each course. I've also been there on a date and equally enjoyed the intimacy at our own table. The food is amazing and I enjoy that they have a seasonal menu.,|,
This is hands down the best seafood!!! We were visiting from Ohio and I am counting down the days until we go back!! We ordered crab legs, rock shrimp, and bacon wrapped shrimp and it was all delicious!! We even ordered seconds of the shrimps and the waitress was very patient and professional!! All have good quantities for what you order! The corn fritters are great and the key lime pie is awesome!!! Plenty of parking and the outside walkway over a pond is beautiful!! This is a must-do!!,|,
The service is awful and the help is arrogant and the food is over priced this is only in the Clermont location,|,
It's getting better. The first time I came, they had just changed from being a coffee shop and I guess the inventory transfer had some issues (bugs in the hot chocolate). But I've been back twice since then and everything has been great!,|,
This is the first time I write comments on Yelp!!!! I have to say this place is wonderful! I highly recommend it!!! Worth to try!!! Chinese traditions decorations!,|,
**HAPPY HOUR REVIEW** We are in the mood for cocktail. We haven't been to this place yet so we wanted to try their cocktails. We arrived quite on time at 4:40pm. We were ushered to sit down right away. There are 5 cocktails on HH. We decided to try the Cuke in The Woods ($7) and Huckleberry Hop ($9). They taste quite refreshing and nicely crafted. We didn't try anything else as other cocktails on the list  so we are happy to walk over to The Keefer Bar for their HH.,|,
I go here to get my stuffed shells and pasta fixes. I usually have a nice time here. The waitstaff are pleasant, and on one occasion they even cheered me up on a bad day.  There's a bit of a family atmosphere, but I think there's also a poker night and it's open very late. So it's multi-faceted, which I like. The porch is very large and nice, even though there's the busy road alongside.,|,
I have a hard time finding good Indian food in Vancouver. I am a major critic, when it comes to Indian food.  My first experience here, dining in, exceeded my expectations. So I am giving it a full five stars.  I have ordered and picked up a couple of times since then, and the food still meets my expectations, I have stuck to pretty standard items on the menu, so I would like to dine in again with a bigger group, and try more of their items.,|,
Very cute place with a wait to order.  Menu was small but each sandwich read very well.  I got the Queen Beak (like a Hot Chicken) with chipotle mayo.  The biscuit was great, but my chicken was inedible.  It was all cartilage and could not be bitten or chewed.  I would have requested a new sandwich, but the line was very long and I didn't have time to wait.  The concept was cute and the other sandwiches at my table were okay, but the standout was the cinnamon/sugar fried biscuit dough.,|,
I had the most magical birthday here! It feels like eating at your extended family's house - good food and kind people!! Amazing.,|,
The supreme Stromboli was one of the best I've ever had the pleasure of eating. I read this restaurant four stars only because I have yet to try the pizza. The service was fast fun and friendly. I recommend everyone try this place at least once, to see for yourself,|,
Only six stars? If you are looking for good sliders, this is the place you want to go. I recommend everyone in your party trying at least two different sliders. You won't be disappointed,|,
It was alright. Nothing special. I'd order from there again but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there if there were better options immediately available. The one plus is that the delivery driver was fast and nice to deal with. So that's a bonus.,|,
The food here is both good and consistent. And with the exception of the very first time I dined here, the service has always been excellent. It is on my list of regular places.,|,
This place is the BOMB! It's so good! Their price is super cheap. Me and my friends came here last night and ordered a shit ton of food for a good price. Their sake is really warm and good. This is our new go to place to drink when we're at the Allston area haha. Oh and staff are really great! Just expect it to be busy on most nights,|,
Thanks to a number of reasons, pricing, douchiness and others, this is no longer a hangout for me. It's still fine if you're 20 and drink vodka sodas.,|,
I can always count on a good burger and fries at Red Robin. There are always too many options. I tried some kind of burning love burger (no I don't remember the exact name). The burger was topped with fried jalapeño coins and jack cheese. This also included a whole jalapeño which was not roasted enough, meaning not with a charred caramelized goodness. I substituted sweet potato fries. They were good, not great. Wish they were steak fries instead of shoe string.,|,
This place was wildly mediocre. I was expecting much more from a 4 star rated restaurant.   Me and my friend ordered the beef fajitas and the Doña Maria enchilada plate. The fajitas were average at best. Not a huge deal, but don't expect them to be served in a hot skillet (never seen this before). The portion of beef was lacking. The enchiladas were meh. Not a lot of flavor going on here.   I will say, the charro beans were pretty good and the red salsa was slightly above average.,|,
Great seafood though the seating was not the most comfortable and the wine list was bare bones.  And there are no reservations.   There is a 20% automatic tip that can be waived; i was happy to pay it.,|,
Love there service......they always remember my order and my name......good memory X-SITE GRILL,|,
Its a simple non-fancy but clean and nice little restaurant.  I have only ever had their pasta, and it was delightful, especially considering the price.  This is not a sit-down and wait for the waiter kind of place, but rather "go up front, order and then find a table" restaurant.  I like it, and I'll likely go again, especially since it is right in my neighborhood.,|,
the food and the service were both fantastic! I had the spinach and cheese ravioli, they were great and the sauce they were in was even better! Luis was our server and he was fantastic, very attentative and polite, I would definately recommend it!,|,
Wow. Just wow. Ben here for lunch, always good but dinner is where it's at. Sushi is some of the best quality I have had in PDX. The steak filet....some of the best I have had EVER. Go here, don't miss it. The Ramen is also some of the best I have ever had. Go Here. Today.,|,
Food is very tasty here and the portions are decent. Restaurant isn't fancy but good enough. I always get takeout. They give you LOTS of rice with the dishes which is a plus. The peanut sauce with the spring rolls is good and creamy and thin unlike some places where it's like peanut butter.,|,
I created a yelp account to review this place.  Worst experience ever.  Was there couple hours ago.  The foods were just OK, but the service was HORRIBLE.  The server acted like we didn't exist, we waited a very long time for our foods and not once did he come by to ask how we were doing.  The worst part is our bills for 3 people included a 20% tip. He did not deserve 20%!!!! DO NOT GO TO LOCONTE.  Go to Familia Giorgios, right next door!!!,|,
I love Viva Day Spa! Just when you walk in, you relax instantly. I make sure to arrive early, just so I can wait in the relaxation room. They are always friendly and can usually work you in in the next couple of days. I can't always plan weeks in advance when I need to relax. Whenever someone comes to visit me in Austin, I try to take them here. I also prefer the Lamar location. It could be that it was my first visit, but I will always return to this location if I can.,|,
So damn good. I'm addicted! Seriously, I like to come here a couple times a week lately. Thank goodness they have a loyalty card so I can get the tenth meal free... I'm spending so much money there that it's nice to get something back!,|,
I always get the grio, rice and peas, and plantains. I've been eating from here since I was so young. Huge fan. They should never leave! You really do get a lot of food. Haitian cuisine is full of flavor and as the city changes, highland doesn't and that's amazing. Service could be better but I'm so use to this , I'm just here for the food.,|,
Westin should remove their name from this hotel.  This is a sad version of what a Westin hotel should be.  The rooms are small and run down.  The bed was definitely not their famous "heavenly bed" that all Westins carry - it was so uncomfortable.  It seems like all the furniture in the room was worn.  The only pluses are the amazing view in the Sun Dial bar and the Starbucks in the lobby.,|,
Drinks and food are amazing! The bartenders are fantastic and the manager is extremely accommodating. Even turned on the SEC championship over the loud speaker for a bunch of Georgia girls. Great bar!!,|,
Best McDonald's drive-through service they're open 24 hours they usually always get your order correct.  Cheap prices extensive menu, employees are nice what more can I say,|,
The mozzarella making class was great! The instructor was knowledgeable and patient with my questions. I just finished my first-ever batch of homemade cheese, and yes, it is actually cheese! I will have to refine my technique to get it as smooth and silky as the cheese in the cooking class.,|,
Island Yarn closed for awhile and recently re-opened, with new ownership.  I miss the woman who used to be there, but the store has been reorganized really well, it's still friendly and easy to shop and prices are still the best in the area, IMHO.  Class schedules have been updated, and the new website, http://islandyarncompany.com/, has a free pattern posted once a month.  Welcome back!,|,
My husband and I go here to see the dermatologist, Dr. Lela Lankerani.  She is so personable as well as professional.  The entire office staff is very efficient.  I highly recommend Westlake Dermatology.,|,
Honestly one of the best Mexican meals I could have ever imagined. A step above porque no, which was previously my preferred farm to fork quick Mexicano meal. Best part is it's in the neighborhood.,|,
Smashing decor, great jams, and they serve Pimm's!   Any place that can make me a Pimm's drink, the perfect summer beverage, is A-OK in my book.,|,
I love coffee.  I always use an AeroPress and I will use Equator Coffee's Peru roast over anything else.  And being Affogato is the only place in Portland I can get these beans, I come here.  For years.  The staff is always friendly and warm.  The make great espresso and gelato too.  Go here.  You won't be disappointed.,|,
Going out of business soon  This place is terrible. I live close so have tried to like it. The food is just not good. Limited menu of poorly done selections. Wine served in water glasses. Limited beer menu. The only good thing is that it is usually empty suggesting that it might turn over soon to some worth going to. The location and space are good, so hope for someone else.,|,
Just boarded my flight to Sacramento and of course it's a prop plane. Seriously Alaska when are you getting rid of these hunks of junk??  They are so unbelievably uncomfortable!!!!! God Alaska when in the world are you ditching the "prop planes"????  I fly you guys all the time in the NW because I have too but your planes have to be the most uncomfortable and cramped planes in the US!  Pleaseeeee do us all a favor and buy new planes.,|,
The Tabernacle, in my opinion, is one of the best places in Atlanta to see a show. Have been here multiple times and have never had a bad experience.,|,
Very unique way of dining.  Delicious food!  Expensive Ethiopian beer.  For 3 of us with $16 meals, the bill was $120 total with a total of 7 beers.,|,
I really wanted a banh mi desperately, but the Vietnamese truck was closed that day. Even though I was craving something totally different, I fell in love with the poke bowl here, it was to die for -- perfect rice, delectable tuna, delightful dressing, fresh salad.  The service was super nice, too.,|,
Great food and service. If you're new to Ethiopian food they have a straight forward and easy to understand menu. I got the meat lovers tibs with lamb, beef, and tilapia. Everything tasted great.,|,
Few things about this place, it is very unique, few tables, very charming employees, outstanding sushi, overall fantastic experience.   Amazing thank you!!,|,
Great Sandwiches!  The Ruben is my favorite, but all the sandwiches are pretty good.  Gelato is not that great, but it is gelato in America, so what can you expect?,|,
Great food, always hot and fresh. I wish they had more vegetarian options though. good price. It gets very busy and loud so eat early is possible.,|,
this is the best place in boston for Sushi.  My husband and I have been there at least 6 or more times and every time the service is great and the food is amazing,|,
This is overwhelmingly great food and value. It's all good. We especially liked the jamon, the duck egg, the prawns, but it's all good. Don't miss it.,|,
Burgers are delicious and worth a drive across town to enjoy.  The only drawback is the service, which has been rough on multiple occasions.  I do appreciate the owner who reached out ask more questions about our experience so they could improve. That goes a long way in ameliorating the lack of hospitality we've experienced previously.,|,
This is the second time I've been here and I must say its the best ever!! I had ribs and sausage my husband had tips and sausage we both had drinks and the bull was minimal! I would recommend champions to everyone,|,
Best sushi in Austin! Just missing the live music!!!,|,
So glad I got a last minute reservation here. We did have a slight wait, but not too extreme. It was worth it. Wonderful staff, good drinks and yummy food. My seared Ahi tuna was slightly over-seasoned, but that's my only complaint. Another neat find in the Disney parks!,|,
I've been eating here for over 2 years.  The food and service are always good. I highly recommend!! If you go during lunch.. go early it gets busy.,|,
If you need a nice Brazilian, LOOK NO FURTHER!! There's no place around here that tops their bikini or brazilians. I highly recommend the hard wax! Groupon always has a great deal on packages as well!!,|,
Wow, a Great find. Pretty much sampled every oyster they had and they were all amazing. Also had the main lobster. It was also really good. The service was also amazing along with the atmosphere. Really chill place to eat and  the service is fast ... really glad I found this place .,|,
Orange leaf has a good selection of toppings and yogurt  and everything is delicious but they are expensive. There is no AC either which is not fun on a hot summer day. Sometimes parking in salem can be a pain as well,|,
My favorite Austin BBQ, so far. Beef ribs are phenomenal!,|,
Wish I could give this place no stars because their staff has some of the worst customer service I've ever seen and I'm a server.,|,
The Pearson sandwich is fantastic. It comes on rosemary garlic bread which just might be the best bread I've ever had. Their pesto is perfect. A little oily but worth the messiness!,|,
Despite rumors to the contrary, staff at Waltham site insist hat the Cambridge location will reopen sometme in 2016.   Great news for us Cambrige types suffering from withdrawal...,|,
Traveling on business and staying at the Embassy Suites in Waltham, I did not really feel like going out so based on the reviews decided to try the grill. I had the clam chowder to start which was very good followed by the Chop Salad with smoked salmon.. Also very good.  Portions were adequate not small not overly large. service was very good although the restaurant was slow. Maybe a bit over priced but not bad.,|,
FAB place to go after work for oysters and champagne or dinner with the gal-pals or just want to flirt with the many yummy men lounging at the bar!  I've been there at lunch and yes, service is a little slow but the lunchboxes are so good and if you do let them know that you're in a rush then they will accommodate you.,|,
Amazing food and beer, great atmosphere, this place is wonderful! We shared the kings platter and loved it! I can't wait to go back,|,
A pretty room with good service but not for a lunch brunch. We found the food less than we expected. Corn beef in hash was chunked style fatty and not seasoned. Perhaps little can be done to make a vegetarian omelet exciting but ours was too much cream cheese and not much more.      We may have been there at such a quiet time with few other tables occupied it was not representative of other circumstances. However not recommended based on our experience.,|,
Love the food here! Always fresh, large portions and great prices.   The spicy salmon sashimi and crunch house roll are must haves for us every time we come here.,|,
The undisputed champions of fro yo!  The service is truly that...some of the nicest people I have met and genuinely behind their products. This would be a best place no matter the product as the attitude and passion really comes through and 15 flavors and amazing toppings(at least 50!) make this a total find!!!,|,
Loved this place and the Vegan change. I also noticed that all the cleaning supplies and napkins were sustainable brands. I got a chai tea and it was wonderful. The music was so cool. Just overall very cute and clean place that supports values I care about.,|,
Really great food.  It has been years since I have been and I believe this is the same Indian restaurant I frequented. If it is, the butter chicken is just fabulous (though I am reading the recent reviews and because of the low stars, I am wondering if this is the same place I went to???)  Anyway, assuming it is - I throughly enjoyed my meals!,|,
I am a Total Sandwich Snob.   I adore Bunk. All of it. I've never had anything I disliked, and I'm picky. Pro tip. Buy two sandwiches... One for eating then and one for the drive later. They are worth it.,|,
I'm sitting in the restaurant right now and had to start writing this review because I am so excited about this place! I've lived in Portland for 3 years but just discovered this little gem. The drinks are bomb, the food is flavorful. My meat loving fiancé gobbled everything up immediately. Order the cauliflower appetizer and the avocado tacos! Service is good, atmosphere is good, I'm very pleased.,|,
Purchased a groupon voucher for this. If it was full price I would probably not have considered this place.,|,
Really good burger and fries.  Milk shake was good too.  Enjoyed the location and atmosphere.  Would totally go back again.  Had the Number 6. Loved it.,|,
This Sephora always has everything that I need in stock and the staff is super friendly and helpful. The online Sephora also has this new thing (I think it's new) called Flash Shipping were you receive unlimited 2-day shipping on all your online orders regardless of price for only $10 a YEAR! And if you want to overnight your order, just pay 5-6 extra dollars. Such a good deal!,|,
This place is super clean and neat and from the counter, you can see them cooking the food and the meat looks legit. I always get the small beef fried rice and its less than 6 bucks!!! Im glad i found this gem great place to go for lunch or just take out.,|,
3 years later... Ordered the same thing. And nothing CHANGED. Soup and Pineapple Fried Rice is very good and spicy,|,
Hands down some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Sweet potato puree with my chicken was heavenly.,|,
Just DeeeeVINE!!!! My husband and I tried this place out for the first time because I was craving a tasty burger. I ordered the Philly burger with fries and he ordered the shrimp po'boy on a lettuce wrap. The best!!!! The vodka onion rings were really good too. And last but not least the orange-creamsicle milkshake made it a home-run for me. A must try for burger lovers.,|,
I need to edit my initial review, as I think it was just a bad day. I have gone to this place a couple more times since the first (I work right above it!), and it's been a much better experience. The owner is always in a great mood and very friendly, and the food is decent and a pretty good price. Thanks!,|,
Had the Southern Fried Chicken Salad. Wasnt very good. Menu says it has a chicken breast on it.. Ended up with just chopped chicken fingers. Very disappointing and menu is not accurate.,|,
Isabella Stewart Garden Museum is a stunning preservation of furniture and relics from older age. The displays, rooms, and exhibits exude opulence and luxury.   I was very impressed with the collection housed within the museum. In my opinion, this is a must see when visiting Boston (if you have the time). My mother, sister, and I greatly enjoyed our visit. Read up about the museums rich history on their website and please see Dave W.'s outstanding review.   MAGNIFICENT.,|,
I love Bacco.  It's the best in the summer, because they open all the windows, and you can people watch and experience the bustle of the North End.  The bar is cozy and classy, it's a great spot to go for drinks after dinner.  Awesome cocktail list.  I've only eaten here once, but my sister and I loved our dinner, and our server was great.,|,
Good happy hour food. Bad happy hour drink selection though. One happy hour beer, what's up with THAT? Just put them all on sale during the happy hour and call it done. The way that it's done now is just plain rude and cheap. If you're looking for decent fried food with your drinks, come here.,|,
Some people buy suits off a rack, some have them tailored. Some people buy meat off a rack, some have it butchered.  In Portland, the latter go to Gartner's. You can go elsewhere and pay more, but you won't get any better. You might have to wait, but it won't be long, and then you will get what you want, how you want it, and of better quality than you might have hoped for.,|,
Great place. Each cages are equippped with pitching machine so even when busy, chance is you can get some cage time. But I recommend making appointment ahead of time.  Pretty good Pro Shop, too, if you are looking for baseball related stuff in the area. Much better selection than in-the-mall sports type stores.,|,
Smallcakes is a wonderful little shop that deals in wonderful cupcakes and other sugary delights. The cupcakes are delicious (I mean it's difficult to make a bad cupcake). I do have to say they aren't the best in Orlando (I hold to the belief that Sweet by Mrs Holly are the best so far). The prices are comparable to other cupcake places. All in all, a nice place to stop if you need a fix.,|,
"A good breakfast is a good start of the day" I'd say this is one of the best place in Vancouver for brunch lovers!!! When you wake up late in the days off or hangover, or whenever you have no appetite in the morning; it is the time for you to enjoy a good brunch. The food and coffee here can wake me up and give me energy totally :)  Love the design of the place and the friendly service, but all in all , the good quality and value of the food makes me wanna come back again.,|,
I reeeeally love thai food but this place is not the reason. The signature thai boastful flavor is what i was after and the two i received were bland, and one of the meals i was given was cold. When i politely asked for it to be microwaved (im really not too fussed about reheating since i do it at home with leftovers anyways) the hostess wasnt apologetic and even asked if i was sure it was cold. Lol. For two people the meal was 45 and i generously tipped 10% cos im a pushover.,|,
This place should update their acknowledgement for different id around the world. My gf had a North Carolina id and they wouldn't let her in because they believe it was fake. We weren't sure if it was a racial thing or a homophobic thing. But over all it was a bad experience. If I could I would give this place no stars.,|,
This food here is alright, but they just raised prices and it's now unreasonable. My go to meal went up by $4. $12 for a small lunch takes this place off my list.,|,
Finally made it here today after 3 years of living in the city. My fiancée loves this place, and always comes with her girlfriends and I have never been lucky enough to be invited...  Had the steak and potato sandwich, while she had the meatball sandwich. These have far fancier names and ingredients, however bottom line, one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten, anywhere in the world I have been.,|,
Came in, opted to sit outside at first but it was a little chilly for my children and I. So I immediately asked the greeter to seat us inside in a booth. He got an attitude and said "you'll have to wait until a bus boy cleans a booth" I waited almost 15m and was never seated while I watched him seat others.,|,
Gorgeous hotel. Must make your way to the old lobby of the hotel at 11am and 5pm to watch the March of the Ducks!,|,
Never again.  Especially not for the price.  At least $2.75 of the $3.00 a cupcake goes towards sugar.  For all 10 flavors I have tried, the cake was worse than that out of a box I could make at home and the frosting was inedible.  I will be taking my cupcake money elsewhere in the future.  I've tried 6 cupcake places in Atlanta and Gigi's takes 5th place for me.,|,
Great place.loved the energy and the atmosphere. They had great sandwiches as well. The staff were very friendly.,|,
I accidentally ordered the wrong thing and the manager fixed it without charging me and let me keep the sandwich. I am a big fan of customer service and this location knows how to serve customers well!,|,
A solid bar on 21st with a pretty good food menu. It's definitely worth a visit if you frequent the area.   One draw back is that there are only a couple booths for four. Most are just two seaters.,|,
A go-to staple for Valentine's Day. The menu changes frequently. We've yet to have the same food. It's a bit steep price-wise, especially since they pack people in like sardines, but the atmosphere is great. We like the escargot quite a bit, but every time it seems like at least one is not cleaned well enough. Still a favorite in Boulder.,|,
This is by far my favorite neighborhood spot in Hyde Park! Great for dinner or Sunday brunch, good for reservations or walk up, very attentive and professional staff. I highly recommend the grilled salmon.,|,
What a fantastic experience. We had a family gathering of 10 and the service was superb. The waiter's suggestions were spot on as was his friendliness. He was very attentive to our needs. Between the 10 of us, we ordered about 8 different entres and they were all delicious. The noise level was definitely loud but so were we and the view of the Columbia River was spectacular.,|,
Was here last Saturday night. Good drinks. The music was incredibly loud, BUT it was good music. The female, brunette bartender is SMOKIN' HOT!. Also watched High Infidelity on the TV's. All we needed was closed captioning...GREAT TIME! and did I mention the bartender we had was smokin' HOT?,|,
Their food is great. The restaurant is great. However...  When I call in to get delivery it would be nice if I got someone that could speak english. I spent 8 minutes on the phone to order saag paneer and chicken korma. Come on.,|,
Stopped in to upgrade this morning and was surprised with the excellent customer service. Everyone I talked to was really friendly and Evan who helped me was very knowledgable and helpful.   I will certainly be going back to this location in the future!,|,
Since my April 2012 review, all of my concerns have been alleviated.  Kudos to the management and staff for the positive turnaround.  I am now a happy, regular customer of this Jimmy John's.,|,
Ummm the DJ had an air raid siren??!?!? Jack and Cokes were the weakest I've had in Boston @ $6 a pop in little plastic cups. We begrudgingly switched to beer. The staff took my half full drink twice while I was dancing.  This place is cheese. The only reason I went was to meet up with some girls my friend knows. It's as if someone read "Opening a bar for dummies" and then ignored the advice. Im not going back.,|,
Nice job, Anh's! The Pho broth is complex and combined with the extra onions and tender filet, this is a definite redo.,|,
I purchased the Groupon the first time I came here. I have been using groupon for over 2 years trying to find the right stylist.  I am here today because I made my follow up before I left the salon. Britney is great! Super friendly and very professional.  Needless to say, I will no longer be using groupon.   Kid and pet friendly.,|,
Great location...usually service is not too bad...food is consistently good but not over the top...not sure what it is about Milestones but they need some type of a boost from the kitchen to step it up a notch,|,
Not a review of the food, simply the lounge.  The bar area is terrible.  Between the overpriced drinks, with their short pours and small glasses, and the mid-40s J-shore wannabes in the bar area, this is a must miss.  All the waitresses wear corsets, basically turning the place into a pretentious hooters.  1 Star. Would not even review again.,|,
BUYER BEWARE. I ordered my daughters leotard online on 8/25 and paid for priority shipping. As of 9/10 I still have not received it. I emailed them twice to follow up and no response. I live in the same state, so how long should I expect to wait with no response??,|,
I love the food.  I like the soup and the daikon pancake.  The soup has a nice fresh broth.  Nice people.  I like this cafe because is a family type of a business.  The price is right and the food is good.  We will come back,|,
Expensive but worth every penny! If you are looking for authentic New England seafood, this is the place!,|,
Waited over two hours and never got pizza. Tried calling back and call would not go thru for over 30 minutes.  Get pizza elsewhere.,|,
Very yummy/ healthy food. Not too salty or greasy. The staffs are very nice as well! Will go back for sure.,|,
This place is awesome! The staff is super friendly and the waffles are amazing. Even on a busy Sunday morning they were quick and efficient. Will definitely come again!,|,
I stopped in for the first opening day. Beautiful decor and excellent service. Will definitely be back. This is a great addition to Dublin and  Bridge Park.,|,
Worst place I've ever been to. Waited 40 minutes for someone to come take our drink and food order. Then waited another hour and a half for our food that never came complete. People kept coming and going and we were still waiting. Very poor service. Complained about it to the manager 3 times and he didn't do anything about it. Very poor service. Never coming here again.,|,
DELICIOUS! Yummy food and a super reasonable price. My favorite go-to spot before/after going to the theater. Lots of veggies that come with the meat selections, and every broth I've tried is great. Can't wait to go back!,|,
I came here for a quick lunch one weekday, and was the only one in the restaurant. Not only did it take them over 25 minutes to serve me a very small portion of shabu beef and vegs, the waiter actually told me there was a mix up in the kitchen...  ...as in he forgot to put the order in. For the only person in the restaurant.  Go to Chinatown for shabu.,|,
Very delicious food and friendly staff! Good prices and the food came out in a timely manner. Highly recommended.,|,
This was the cutest little ice cream place!!! The flavors were incredible, both unique and delicious! I loved how very Portland the whole experience was and the service was incredible! I couldn't pick a flavor so ended up getting 6 or 7 mini scoops, and then the rose city lemonade was to tasty, I went back for more! I would say skip the line and salt n straw and come here instead!,|,
Average coffee, creepy service, funky location. I'd say you gotta try it once just to say you did. Their Mexican mocha is pretty good.,|,
Just sat here for 10 min after being seated with no service. No drinks no introduction nothing. The host seated us and gave us menus and we just sat. Decided to get up and leave. Won't be back.,|,
They are always very busy but the servers are amazing. They keep the dishes coming but they never rush. I cannot speak for all their food but I have been there 4 times and I always have the  seafood paella and the lamb skeers - PLEASE TRY THOSE two.   Also, there are definitely one of Austin's best desserts place.,|,
Have not met a nice clerk yet, who works the regular check out lanes. Atleast 4 times they haven't even said hello or anything. Even by me saying "Hello" you'd thought I was rude.   Express clerks have been the nicest. Have to say I can't get used to the lay out. The cold wine/beer/cider selection is nice.   Deli & meat clerks are helpful.  Why do none of the conveyer belts work?,|,
Amazing authentic Mexican restaurant. Great servers and food ! Cheap prices and fast service . Don't be fooled by the looks of the place .!,|,
Extremely helpful! I took in my wedding dress that another alterations place had messed up and they made me feel very confident that everything would be okay in a short amount of time.,|,
The food is okay, but their delivery people are consistently rude. There are a lot of restaurants in the area with better Italian food, so I highly recommend taking your business elsewhere,|,
I ate here last week and it was really good! I had the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries and it hit the spot. Love the vibe and live music they have. It's a nice place to chill. Service is okay. Nothing to write home about but it kinda fits the environment of how laid back things are... service was just kinda slow. Really nice servers though so I'm not really ever upset per se. Will return!,|,
Awesome food and even better service. From the second I walked on every was warm and friendly greeting me. The staff is engaging and helpful. I had cashew chicken without rice and it was awesome and very fresh. I would recommend !!,|,
Everything in Boston seems to close early, we got lucky this place was opened cus we were starving.   Off the bat i liked the menu, each item created by a different chef. We got house sangria which was delicous. We also got sandwiches which i dont remember the names but I remember they were amazing and so they get 5 stars.,|,
Went here a while back. It had a nice atmosphere; like 4 Rivers for Latin food. You order the food and they serve it to you in a tray with a paper instead of a tray. They don't serve the food in front of you like in 4 Rivers, but it tasted awesome.,|,
$10 cover charge for this place even with a dinner reservation? Ridiculous.  Try your luck somewhere else. This food is not worth it.,|,
Total tourist trap. Went there with a large party celebrating a wedding. Ended up getting charged $205 for shots. Waitress would not fix it. Had to make several phone calls the day after to get it settled. Manager would only refund $50, so I ended up paying $15 per shot when regular cocktails are less than that. Food was horrible and overpriced and service is horrendous at night. Never again. Save your money, go somewhere else. There is nothing special here.,|,
Just go, order a burger and try their sauces. That's all. You'll walk out satisfied! So worth it and great prices. Please try their sauces!,|,
I LOVE this coffee shop. The staff is so courteous and the food is amazing. I would suggest trying the basil lemonade and the salmon patties. I do wish it stayed open later. Also a couple of the servers aren't always on point. Outside of that fantastic.,|,
She is amazing!  A truly, gifted healer.  The session started with deep tissue work and then finished with her feet.  Ashiatsu!  I loved the combo.  The office is perfect.  Very, very ZEN!  I'll be back for sure.,|,
Awesome haircut and shave, exactly the type of place I was looking for a guys place to relax and have a haircut  Tim is outstanding ! Definitely will be back,|,
Yummmm.  The pupusas with pickled cabbage salad are the best.  I also love the plantains with their not-so-sour sour cream.  This coming from a gal who hates sour cream.  Just be sure to brush up on your spanish.  This establishment rocks in food service, but an english server isn't always an option.,|,
Amazing place. Best pedicure I have ever had. Highly recommended try this place. If you have time and are in the area please try this place out.,|,
Finally, a real museum in Salem (i.e., one with no wax figurines)! Had a great time wandering around the galleries. There is a lot here, especially for the nautically-minded. Great specialty exhibits as well. The Chinese house is incredible.,|,
Very expensive food, two dishes and rice ended up being about 45$.  Masaman curry was cold when it arrived with a hot bowl, seemed like it was old.  Would not recommend.,|,
Great food! Great service! Waiter was attentive. We were a larger group for my friends birthday. I'd come back. Recommend checking it out. Restaurant is small though. Not a whole lot of seating. Make resos!,|,
The cachapa was outstanding. I ordered with the pork. Couldn't get it in my mouth fast enough. If I had any room left I would have ordered another.,|,
I have never had bad takeout from here. We have been ordering for 4 years. Our fav is chicken in black pepper sauce.,|,
This place was so awesome . I got a buffalo cauli sandwich with fries and it was so bomb . Most delicious vegan food I've had . The cook was fine too so that's a plus,|,
Great shop! right in the center of the Boston bombing. They have rebuilt and recovered nicely. They offer a wide array of running shoes, clothing and advice. I went in to purchase a Boston Strong shirt.,|,
If cheap beer is all you care about, this is the place for you.  It is huge in among the hipster/mod/indie crowds and is always packed.  The only times I've had fun here were when I brought interesting people.   The bar itself is rather uninspiring.,|,
Don't understand the hype!  45 minute wait for a burger that tasted more like meatloaf to me and my wife.  Enjoyed the experience but the food was just so-so and pretty pricey.  Take a drive-thru P-Terry's instead!,|,
Beautiful clean salon! Lots of gel colors to choose from! Get the hot stone massage with the pedicure it's totally worth it :),|,
I love this place.Not only do the have a great selection of flavors, but a full toppings bar. I feel like a little kid every time. Also super clean and very friendly staff.,|,
I put my old, beloved dog to sleep tomorrow. I brought her to tin shed to get her a nice final meal of their homemade dog food. They gave it to me for free. During hard times like these, little things like that make a difference. Thank you.,|,
What a gem, as I ask myself what took me so long to come here... Every reason to enjoy a French meal awaits you here, the service was as expected friendly not rushed with a hint of humour. But the meals and ambience get top scores as well. I would easily say every meal here will fulfil your expectations of classic cuisine and top any top French bistro around here or there. The room was full of all walks of life with a buzz of happiness.,|,
Best authentic pizza!!!  From the homemade crust to the real cheese and ingredients ... Awesome!  The people there are super friendly. They even played Ray Charles' "Georgia" after discovering we were from Atlanta. I will dream of and crave this pizza forever ....delizioso!  Their homemade Italian sausage is to die for!!!  And we went twice on our visit to Boston ...it was that good!!!,|,
When I have a longer layover in ATL, I eat here or at ECCO in terminal F. It is hard to beat either but OFS is a star better in my opinion because I like their Asian inspired dishes better than ECCO's menu. As many others have said, it is a little pricey but it is a "real" upscale restaurant in an airport.,|,
Cozy and cute! Also amazingly cheap and it was delicious. There was a tonne of variety and also  and their rolls were refreshing and the miso soup was great. I will definitely keep coming back!,|,
I had the hot Italian sausage and provolone omelette, and it was out of this world.  Very generous portion, with very generous amounts of sausage in the omelette.  I loved the atmosphere of the place.  It's something that can't be marketed, and this place has it.  Walking in, one would never guess this would be averaging 4 1/2 stars on yelp, and they don't act like they know it, save for the little faded yelp sticker on the door.  I can't wait to come back the next time I am in Boston.,|,
Food is pretty good and the owner is super friendly despite his limited English. Grilled chicken and beef iskander are great dishes. Turkish coffee was ok but the presentation is well worth it. Baklava was a disappointment. We will be back.,|,
The isles are crammed with junk, making it impossible for 2 carts to pass.  The registers are slow, with not enough baggers.  The produce is bruised and bad, with fruit flies.  The only shining light is the deli department.  The deli crew is friendly and efficient.  I wish Arlington had a Hannaford.,|,
Whoa, busy Starbucks. I've been three times in two days, and twice there was nowhere to sit. Like, literally, nowhere, not even outside in the pouring rain.   A lot of plugs in here for you laptop users (which is why I kept on coming back), solid WiFi, two stall bathrooms, clean place, generally cheerful staff who are kind enough to let this distracted writer stay a bit past closing so she could use the bathroom.,|,
Great restaurant.  Often quiet.  Worth trying!  Their deviled eggs are delicious and they do have a kids menu just have to ask! Great burgers too. Cozy bar,|,
My husband and I came here tonight and the staff is very friendly. The service was also very quick and the atmosphere was nice. The food was good. I got the barbecue salmon which was really good but my husband's steak (he got the filet mignon) was not very tender. He loves steak so that was a little disappointing to him.  For dessert we tried the walnut turtle sundae which was very rich, but it was good. Personally, I feel like although the staff was very nice, the food was just average.,|,
Meh Plan B option. Best thing about Denny's is the hours they are opened. It's fun to hang out with friends or significant other late at night without the typical 9-10 pm closing time.  My favorite part of their menu are their breakfasts!!! Spinach omelette all the way with hashbrowns. Best breakfast addiction ever!!!,|,
They made us a beautiful table we absolutely love! The craftsmanship and detail were suburb! I would recommend them for furniture, doors and any woodworking project! They were extremely professional and kept on the agreed upon timeline. Great company to work with, and I have recommended them to all my friends and family! I was so impressed that I will have them make all my future furniture!,|,
As others have mentioned, the service is terribly slow at Shota, so expect a long wait for your food. We ordered salmon sashimi, a sushi combo, and the nabeyaki udon. The food was average, nothing spectacular. For prices we paid, we were surprised at how small the portions were.  Next time we're in Kerrisdale, we'll try another sushi place down the street. We would not recommend Shota.,|,
Great pesto burger with balsamic salad. Artichoke dip was the best I've had. Had my usual cider but tried "Dude's Rug" cider by B. Nestor, yummy! No prob finding a bar stool at 9 on a Friday night. Casual dress.,|,
Awesome, community centered place!,|,
Cute place, friendly staff and good food.   We have only been once, but would go back again.  Tuesday is half price on bottles of wine night ;). I like that,|,
Went to salem with a couple of friends and came upon this place for lunch.  The best part was only waiting ten minutes but I wish I got a hotdog from the carnival across the way.  Everything was awful from the waitstaff to the food. I recommend finding somewhere else to eat, even if it's fast food before going to this place. Awful !,|,
This place used to have great pho. Went last wed for the $6 special and place had 2 tables occupied. The pho was water down and noodles tasted like they were out of .15 ramen noodle pack. Try Tan Mi.,|,
We ordered two dozen oysters, they were shucked at least 30 minutes before we got there. Super dry, slimy and not good. Could tell they had been sitting for a while.   Super bummed.,|,
This place is a treat.  Great food and service.  We were there on a very busy day for a late lunch before heading to Logan.  My wife had a salad and sangria, I had a beef bourbon panini.  It was all very good.  Served quickly and with a smile.,|,
Delicious and would come here again. Loved the Shanghai rice cakes- they were super tasty. Definitely worth the price.,|,
What a funny little restaurant if almost looks like it would be for takeout. Ordered the chicken appetizer - wonderful! And pad Thai! Definitely going back :),|,
A little late on posting this review, but it was our saving grace on New Years Day when we needed brunch food on a Monday afternoon! David was hilarious and helped me decide between a couple different options. Can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu!,|,
The food is consistently good. Generous portions, fresh, and healthy. Where else can you get wild caught salmon at a fast casual restaurant. But the real treasure here is the most excellent customer service by Alex, who operates the front counter! He's engaging, funny and makes us want to return.,|,
I've only had the coffee here, but I was not disappointed. The options were endless and their creations were lots of fun.  I also went to a mini-seminar about different types of coffee which was awesome. I had never seen that before at a coffee shop.  They make their own caramel, so the caramel latte I had was awesome. They would get five stars, but all the prices were very high for coffee! It's a good treat once and while though.,|,
I'm a regular here. It's the best Japanese food in the entire Greater Boston area. Everyone's friendly, and the wait can be long, but it's always worth it.,|,
Among the best meals I've ever had. I have not had a lot of fried chicken in my life, and most that I've had has been forgettable. Gus's and some truck in Boston that served very garlicky amazing chicken about 30 years ago are the exceptions.,|,
Excellent spot to watch the game, have some great craft beer and hang out with friends. I had great service, and the jerk chicken dish I ordered was juicy tender and tasty.,|,
Always a great 'go to' for breakfast/brunch/lunch. Don't expect 5 star dining, just honest flavourful perfectly prepared Benny and such.,|,
Definitely the most helpful and fair prices around. The service they provide is unrivaled. They are extremely knowledgeable and will help from start to finish with no rush.,|,
Such a great place, excellent service I was just waiting for my  to go order and the guy brought me soup free of charge what an amazing place. I've been meaning to comeback!!,|,
Society on High is a decent spot for business lunches -- super convenient location for folks downtown. The few times I've been the service has been spotty and at times, downright unfriendly/confusing. But the food, especially the salads, are typically good. My favorite has to be the spinach salad (soft cooked egg, lemon caper vinaigrette, crispy shallots, bacon) with salmon on top.,|,
Extremely helpful and friendly will definitely stop by. Amazing hand selected collection very good finds here.,|,
I am going to give Jinya a solid three stars. I went for lunch right at 11:15 and they were just getting started.  The service was OK ... it didn't feel like the staff was super engaged. Most importantly the food was very unmemorable.  It was also perfectly fine.  I guess with the limited options in Austin it did the trick but I didn't leave feeling like I needed to come back.  Perfectly fine lunch though.,|,
For the price comparable to Blu ill, NY we had 7 course menu and no single dish was completely good. Most of the dishes were too sour and contained basil.  The only one really good thing about the dinner was service. Unfortunately I don't know name of the server but she was the only one in the restaurant on September, 13th. I definitely don't recommend Castagnia.,|,
Best old school BBQ you can find in Smyrna GA - has great choc and key lime pie....i get a pound of sliced (pulled) pork and take it home for the family. Def try both the sweet and original BBQ sauce (they offer 4 but these 2 are winners meant to be had separately & combined)   Great Prices - wont leave complaining EVER.,|,
Visiting Boston and stayed in nearby Natick and wanted to find a good breakfast spot nearby and hit up Yelp.  Thankfully we were led here.  Place is small so expect a wait if you have a large party.   Service is fast and food is awesome!  My son got the choc chip pancake and it was HUGE!  I like crispy bacon and they are done perfect.  Had the corned beef hash and could barely finish the plate.  It is cash only so plan appropriately although there is an ATM at the back.,|,
I must say I was hesitant to get a pedicure.  As a guy who doesn't do this very often it was not on my top 20 this to do this weekend.   The staff greeted my wife and I like we were regular guests.  They were super friendly. Explained all the different options for this and that. Weren't pushy with up selling.   That experience was great and  we will make this part of our pamper each other weekend.,|,
Quaint little spot near the waterfront. Many southern flavors-definitely a good place to try something out of your comfort zone. EMPANADAS. Did I say empanadas? Warning: the wings are tasty but greasy!,|,
Good sushi. The sashimi was fresh and the kimchi salmon sashimi was quite tasty. The sushi rolls were quite good too. The price was quite reasonable / inexpensive as a Japanese restaurant. I would go again if I happen to be in the neighborhood again and need food. :),|,
Ordered online 12/17/14 at 1:57 pm. Was given an approx time of 57 minutes for delivery. After 1 hour and 45 minutes I called and cancelled the order. Was advised to tell driver I cancelled order and that I didn't want it anymore. Going on 2 hours now and I still haven't had the opportunity to decline the pizza.,|,
This place is the best! I was just there yesterday for a Sunday funday and it just doesn't get any better. You're right on the water, it's casual, good cheap drinks, good music, and fun people. I tend to go here more to drink than eat, although the food is surprisingly good. Nothing fancy but just good seafood. There is nothing better than drinking outside near the water on a beautiful summer day. If you feel the same you have got to check this place out! You will not be disappointed.,|,
Service was wonderful,  sushi was good but I was not blown away,  the portion of rice to fish was not great Atmosphere and decor was good as well,|,
Good sandwiches, simple menu, limited toppings, but fresh cut meat right in front of you is kinda cool. Employees can be hit n miss, I wish the one lady would stop signing though.,|,
Out here in ATL for the third time! This place was great! Good vibes and amazing service!! It was late when we went but the waitress was amazing hanging out large party!,|,
Weekends are busy here so plan ahead if you're hungry. I like this place because it's so close to home. The sushi here is surprisingly really, really good. It's fresh and tasty. They have a lot of options for sushi as well, some a little pricey but it's definitely delicious. I have not experienced the hibachi grill yet however I have ordered off the hibachi menu. I've had better. I'll definitely be back for sushi though!,|,
Ive been here a few times to sit with my husband while he grabs a Guiness.    Its very noisy and cozy but people are friendly there. I would be thrilled if they put a vegan entree on the menu so our stays could be longer but its limited to fries and a veg sandwich with no description whatsoever.   Maybe one day we could spend more than 45 minutes here.  I'm sure if I liked Irish beer and meaty dishes I would enjoy it more. lol Alas I do not.,|,
I had my hair done yesterday by Marie. She was gentle with my hair, pleasant to talk to and very accommodating. My hair turned out great, she did exactly what I asked for. I will definitely be returning to this salon.   Note: The salon accepts credit cards - but make sure to bring cash for the tip! There is no option to tip on the card receipt.,|,
The food here used to be awesome, especially the pho but the last time I went, it tasted like it was either over cooked or leftovers from another bowl. The noodles were all broken up and tasted nasty. I haven't gone back since then. Their spring rolls are delish and thai iced tea is bomb. Hopefully, they have fixed the noodle situation since then.,|,
This is one of the newest QFB at Disney Springs.  My wife and my brother got desserts which they seemed to like.  I went for a large $7 slice of NYC style thin crust pizza.  Yes, it's Disney prices but it was soooo worth it imo.   I've been looking for NY style pizza all over Orlando and this is the BEST by far I've found (amazingly).  They have other thicker slices (sorta chicago or Detroit style on a foccia) which I didn't try.  Alcohol is also available.,|,
I love this place. Dr. Blick is so friendly and funny. Her staff is excellent and they have a great selection of frames. Definitely would recommend them!,|,
Blue Star is hands down the best donut in Portland. Blueberry bourbon basil is a must try!,|,
I get my hair done by Andre and I always leave very satisfied. I have blonde hair and she is very good at matching up the roots. She takes pride in her work and it shows.,|,
Over 13 years going here for all services. Massages are heavenly! Deep tissue is a must. The new waiting room is amazing, i could spend all day here being pampered. They keep updating and renovating the space. So clean, modern and relaxing. Happy to have this place so close to home. A gold mine!!!,|,
Every component of this ramen was perfect. The broth was delicious, noodles perfectly cooked. I ate it all. I had no regrets.   The one weird thing is that this place seems to be staffed exclusively by skinny white hipster dudes. Seriously amusing people, but ... why?,|,
Just started making wine again after a break of a few decades. Went to Beer & Wine for a starter kit and "stuff". The owner came over and introduced himself, was very helpful, knowledgeable and pleasant. Gave me a lot of confidence that they will be able to assist me with any problems or questions.,|,
Enjoyed the patio while in the rain.  Nooooo, it wasn't raining when we started but it didn't seem to ruin our time.  The service started out horrible but when the servers changed David was great!!  The drinks were ok, a little too much juice for me.  The chicken slider was yummy.,|,
This is place is in the bottom 1% of my Chinese food experiences.  The atmosphere in the restaurant is creepy and the food tastes bad.,|,
Loved the atmosphere and ambiance. I am a Vegan and the salad options were wonderful as well as my personal Vegan pizza slice to order.  The crust and the sauce is the best I have had.  And I am a pizza fanatic!  It is so hard to find Vegan pizza and to be able to design my own slice is most awesome!  I recommend Pizza Oasis to all my Vegan and Omni friends. I will go here every time I am in Portland!,|,
We stopped here on a whim while visiting Austin and felt like we hit the jackpot! The food was delicious (especially the fries; we actually had to order more!), loved the brand of fountain drinks they had (that pink stuff, wow!), everyone was really friendly (our server was so nice!), nice clean restrooms.,|,
I went to Mystic station last week for lunch with my wife. This place was great, I heard about it on the phantom gourmet. I wish I had known about it sooner, I guess they have been there a few months. I had the buffalo grilled cheese, it was great. They also have a great craft beer selection. The owner was working the bar, very friendly guy. I would definitely recommend for food or drinks, or both. We will definitely be going back.,|,
I went to Taiwan two years ago for work, for 9 days.  This is easily the closest thing I have tasted in The States.  The food is perfect, I was thoroughly impressed.  It is so hard to get pork buns right, they nailed it.  Awesome ramen as well.,|,
One of my absolute favorite places downtown. Amazing, creative menu and wonderful service.,|,
Beautiful resort. Monorail transportation to Magic Kingdom and EPCOT. The pool area is great for kids. Unique upscale restaurants. Great to visit during the Holidays when the huge Christmas tree and real life size gingerbread house are in the lobby.,|,
Plus they have a sign saying they're the number one choice of Trailblazers fans! Obviously trying to represent affiliation with the Blazers if you don't stop to think about it. And how would you know about the fans, have you figured out who they all are and polled them?!,|,
Good food I ordered the Grouper Burger which was a large sandwich with not much broccoli and coleslaw but the sandwich will fill you up. For desert we had the red velvet ice cream sandwich really good.,|,
Growing up Italian I have had plenty of Italian food for many different places and this was exceptional love the ambiance the wait staff was excellent and the food was even better if I lived closer I would go here daily,|,
Sea World is very nice. The shows with Shamu, the dolphins and sharks were amazing. I've been here when I was younger, but even now that I'm older I still had a nice time and I can really appreciate all the hard work that is put into everything.   There are some rides for adults and children, bunch of icecream, food, coffee places and I would suggest you purchase the meal plan as even just keeping yourself dehydrated with at least water is important being at these places in the heat all day!,|,
This place was disgusting. The floors were filthy and trash all over the tables. Not to mention the cashier girl Dolores was very rude and seemed annoyed that we had a big order. Lesson to be learned here....... always, always choose Chick-fil-A,|,
Great neighborhood bar, reasonable drink prices and fantastic front patio. Didn't try the food but it all looks good!,|,
Best and most flavorful tacos in Atlanta! Don't let the exterior fool you, it's a classic hole in the wall.,|,
Thai Lunch Haiku #1  I ordered Pad Thai, But this tastes like spaghetti! Why use tomatoes?!  Thai Lunch Haiku #2  I paid thirteen bucks. Mediocre food-court food. Such disappointment.,|,
I have only had drinks at Society but overall I was impressed with the service and the ambiance. The patio area outside is a nice little oasis from the busy streets of downtown. Drinks are reasonably priced and there is a lot of room to roam about near the bar so even when its busy it doesnt feel like space is confined.,|,
My wife and daughter loved their Chicken Zingara but my Chicken Parmesan breading was soggy and the chicken was not moist. The red sauce however was very tasty. Garlic knots very good too. Service was good and our food came out quickly. The gratuity on our check was added automatically and it was higher than the listed 15%. Watch your bill carefully.,|,
We stopped in yesterday. We had been walking in downtown and saw this place. (It had a Yelp signal on the door.) We stopped in for pizza around 5:00-5:30. It was a cozy stop. The service was excellent and the staff attentive. It filled quickly at this hour and was, obviously, a popular place. The cliental was nice as well. The pizza was excellent and the entire experience pleasant. I will be returning here and recommend this spot highly!,|,
Love everything about the renovated old house.  Love that there are many outdoor seating options. Love that they incorporated games into the setting. Not so into the drinks I've had there.... Not into battling the mosquitoes outside.... Will definitely be back....,|,
This place has great Mexican food! Very tasty and the service is pretty good. If you're in Salem Mass check it out.,|,
The wings here are great and I usually try to order them when I have large get togethers with friends. My personal favorite is the garlic parmesian and honey BBQ favors.,|,
Worst shopping experience I've ever had! They have a horrible return policy, rude employees, the manager is zero help, and the store is a cluttered mess, and it smells.,|,
Food is really good. We always get take away as its on the way home from work. Try the (I think) super gyro which is a combo of gyro and chicken. Only gave it three stars as I don't think I'd want to eat there as the place has seen better times. Staff was great and service is fast.,|,
Spectacular.  This truck's only around my area on Wednesdays, but hoooly schnikies it is good. The Ballpark in particular is just unbelievably flavorful - cooked just right, perfect give, moist, and mixed with peppers you can actually taste. Appreciated the size of the portions, too, as they're exactly the amount you'd want for a meal, and no more.  Completely blown away that this is all vegan.  Absolutely going back next Wednesday.,|,
the one and ONLY thing I have wrong with this place is when you ask for extra veg they charge you and then you don't get it. It all depends on which girl is at the front desk.   Other than that I LOVE IT here work across the street and go at least 2-3 times a week for lunch,|,
Egg Harbor is just really solid, breakfast comfort food. The food may not blow you away, but the service is great.  I've had the eggs Benedict, a scrambler, and the traditional breakfast. The eggs Benedict are particularly awesome. What really sets this place apart is its friendly service. Do yourself a favor and engage with the wait staff!,|,
food is ok. this place always seems to facilitate great conversation. good option for happy hour and has cheap beer options. good music,|,
I mean...  The hype is FOR REALZ in this place. And it was so on point. These burgers are to die for, from the buns to the high-quality meat to the delicious fries, cocktails, and milkshakes.   Do not be intimidated by the line. It may be long but sometimes you get some margaritas out of it! Also, considering the high level of tastiness, it is totally worth it.,|,
The food is decent, the service is pretty quick. Good spot for a quick bite or an afternoon beer. Selection of beer is pretty limited, the sandwiches are solid but not spectacular. I will return but out of convenience (and the roof top seating during summer) more so than excellence.,|,
I love their gyro, and love even more that I can buy it by the pound for cheaper than most lunch meats. We love to grab a pound of gyro, package of fresh pita, then a couple tubs of hummus, feta and olives. Delicious, easy, inexpensive family meal. Don't for get the baklava.  I have been eating at Phonecia for over a dozen years, and have never ever been disappointed.,|,
Upgrade to 5.  Consistent...service and product.  Friendly vibe.  Continued WIN.  Extremely consistent on presentation, quality of product, service and general vibe.  Check it out...and you'll return!,|,
Been a customer here for a few years now. Yummy food, never stale, friendly service, and is delivery and take out.  I suggest the garlic chicken rice and all the appetizers.  If your not into spicy, dont get the tom yum, there is plenty of other deliciousness on the menu.,|,
Excellent service! Open until 10! Mahi manhi tacos are THE BEST fish tacos I've EVER had. The beans were amazing... So amazing I had to mention beans! Lol ! Very romantic lighting. But not too expensive. Feels like a $$$$ price range for a $$ ticket. It's definitely worth a try. I want to try EVERYTHING ON THE MENU!,|,
I arrived 45 minutes before her listed closing  time and she asked me, "if I'd mind coming back tomorrow".  There was no one else there.  She may be a good barber (I don't know), but seems like she doesn't get customer service and I like to spend my money with business that treat me with respect and this isn't one.  To bad, I love local shops.,|,
The food was very good and the hospitality was very nice I would eat there again. And I would also recommend it to my friends and family.,|,
This is a good place for breakfast in the North End. The place is cute and homey, the people are really nice and the prices are reasonable. I had 2 eggs easy over, 2 sausages, potatoes, wheat toast and coffee for $9. It was a good basic breakfast. I would eat here again. Check it out.  Listed in Drive Across America: https://www.yelp.com/collection/4_4-FCUBHEQBq43u7DXRig,|,
Best tasting cupcakes in Boston.  Perfect level of sweetness and great texture.,|,
My husband and I ate here last night. We decided just to have wine and appetizers. Everything was excellent! The Brussels sprouts are off the hook! The owner is very nice, and served us our food.,|,
taken right out of the movie toy story you'll fall in love with this place. the pizza is by far the best we've had since here in Orlando. there's also an arcade that's a lot of fun no matter how old or young you are.  there's touches everywhere you look from the movie,|,
This place is walking-distance from my cousin's house in Decatur, and we went there as a big family with five kids and four grown-ups.   A fantastic place for kids, they're given some raw dough to play with while your pie is cooked. The pizza is good and tasty; the dough has character, the sauce is sweet, and the toppings are plentiful.,|,
Good Burrito.  The Saltena was new to me and I didn't love it, but what do I know.  Thumbs up for Jarritos soda.  I love orange.  The people at the counter were super nice.  Reasonable prices.,|,
I came in traveling from California and was referred to Bishop's and had the best barbershop experience so far! Cat is my favorite barber by far and I'm saddened to not have someone like her back home. She gave me a great cut and made my experience very pleasant! Anytime I'm in Portland I will definitely be coming back to Bishop's to get a cut.,|,
We had Dan and Daniel as our servers. Their service was flawless, as was the food. The Alaskan halibut was a very good size portion.  Be aware, this is not an inexpensive restaurant. It's a wonderful place for celebrations and special events.  Four cocktails, three entrées, an appetizer, and a bottle wine was $400 (this includes the tip.)  When you come, you'll receive exquisite food and lavish service. However bring your checkbook.,|,
It is expensive considering they do not make any of the baked goods at the cafe. The atmosphere is excellent! They embrace the arts and music. Sandwiches are delicious! Vegan options! Coffee is really the emphasis of this cafe! If you are in the Union Square area and you want a GREAT cup of coffee, this is where you go! The internet is expensive,|,
Great food and service. I had the dirty pig and my buddy had the brisket sandwich. Delicious! Really enjoyed the selection on beer too.,|,
We stop by here on the way home. Many years ago there was a Boston Market on Forest Drive.  This one was really clean the staff were friendly. The crisp baked chicken was really good. Along with the sweet potato casserole.. The sweet cord was good. I wish they still had one in Columbia. Very good food.,|,
Never had a bad meal here. Miss the meatloaf sandwich that got taken off the menu. That was awesome. Great place to watch sports. Friendly staff even though I tend to be one of the few minorities to be here. They treat me well. Definitely recommend.,|,
Simple, delicious, and natural. A great choice for a quick and hearty meal. Best to call the order in if you're in a hurry, but that's because it's made to order.,|,
Very quick and friendly service! Ordered lobster and shrimp very tasty and reasonably priced.,|,
This might be the best pizza I have ever had. Located on Derby Street, Bambolina is a great family friendly place. We visited on a Saturday afternoon and got seats easily. I'm not sure of the size but I would say one pizza feeds one, so best to get a couple for the table and split and if your lucky take a slice or two home. We got the margarita (cheese) pizza and the truffle mushroom pizza. (Photo attached, but only half!) Also, the have free packs of Italian crunch breadsticks for the table.,|,
holy wow!  These cookies are great!  Our office just got these as a holiday gift.  I'm pretty sure they were gone in 60 seconds.  Ha!,|,
Very busy for a Monday late-morning but I guess that's the area. Anyway, the food was delicious, the waiter was very kind and thoughtful. Seems like a popular spot for the business lunch crowd, but I'd seriously recommend it to anybody looking for good food and good coffee in the hub of Central Portland.,|,
Best lobster tail I've ever had.  When they overcooked the steak, they worked tirelessly to fix it and were extremely hands-on in an effort to make me happy.  Made me like the experience even more.,|,
Very tasty. Love the scallion pancakes, they are light and crispy. The prices are very reasonable and they have a great variety of dishes that are fresh. The restaurant is neat and clean. You can sit in and eat, and the food comes out quickly.,|,
Ramen was not warm, and the servings were so small. The service was horrible, and the egg was cold. They should just stick to the other location, it's great. I'm not sure what happened with this one.,|,
We ordered our wedding cake from Le Cookie Monkey in 2015, and people still talk about how wonderful it was! In 2016 we ordered our gender reveal cake from them and TODAY I got our baby's first birthday cake from Le Cookie Monkey! Always SO delicious and beautiful! Posting pics of all occasions,|,
Best espresso in Portland. The owner's passion about coffee is very evident in the product and technique. It's a small Italian style caffe with nice outdoor seating. Highly recommend it. They have a few baked goods as well that looked incredible so get a treat to go with your drink. Enjoy!,|,
Loved the salmon here! Honey glazed to perfection. Only complaint- My friend got a gluten free pasta but there was a gluten noodle in there! Not ok! (Everyone also liked their cocktails, food, and ambiance).,|,
Went here for the first time and was very impressed. I like the ocean and have been to most of the restaurants, this one was especially tasty.  I had the hot chicken plate with Texas toast. It was fire! Not greasy and just the right amount of heat. I didn't know a chicken thigh was white meat btw....The woman at the counter was friendly and the food and out quick it was also reasonably priced.,|,
Oblation is exactly what a paper store should be. Their attention to detail with all their goodies keeps me coming back for more. A must for any gift that needs that special touch.,|,
I stopped in for a drink at the bar. The bartenders were more interested in conversing among themselves than greeting us.  The male bartender responded in a pretentious manner when I asked him a question about one of the desserts. I think he was more concerned about practicing his dance moves behind the bar.  I can't speak for the quality of the food or service in the dining room, but based on the bar experience, overrated!,|,
We had dinner last weekend at Bartaco for the first time.  Great experience from the moment we walked in the door and was greeted by the manager,Lee until we left.  We had excellence service and loved the tacos and margarita's. The manager Lee checked in us several times thoughout our dinner.  This is an awesome spot for dinner and drinks- we will be back!!!,|,
Went to dinner there before and found fly in my Pad Thai. Let the waitress know and she just shrugged her shoulders. Nothing off tab and no apology. Place sucks!,|,
The best! Don't expect foo-foo pizza or wine in a foo-foo glass or any dipping sauces. The is the real thing, good pizza, good wine and a great atmosphere! The food is EXACTLY like the other location just a different ambiance. Everything on the menu is under $15 with most of it falling under $10. Don't worry about taking cash either because this location takes plastic.,|,
Really, really cute decor in here for the designer in me to scope out.  Also I pretty much like everything I have tried from the menu.  I had a birthday dinner here in March 2004 and they did a great job setting up the table for 12 or so and they gave me a nice dessert w/ candle.,|,
Every time I do a two star rating, I just want to say Meh and leave it at that.  I wasn't thrilled with it here. I love the space but was underwhelmed with the place. I got chips and guac and a pomegranate margarita. We were just stopping in so we didn't do full meal. Hopefully that would have brought my rating up. I would probably stick to beer/wine for a drink next time.,|,
Had a calzone and it was delicious one of the best I have ever had!!! Service is great and selection is awesome.,|,
Went there Friday night before a symphony performance and it was downright AWFUL. We ordered 3 apps and drinks. The bartender was never behind the bar, it took forever to just get a menu -let alone our food and our check. The mozz triangles had no flavor, the nachos were plain (hardly any cheese) and the spinach dip was basically frozen green giant spinach de-thawed and thrown in a casserole dish with no cheese, cream or flavor. Would not recommend to anyone and will never go back!,|,
Sarah was extremely professional and her space was comfortable. She described everything she used on us and offered extras without being pushy. Also the First time I got my eyelashes tinted. I love them!  Thank you for taking care of us.,|,
So amazing! Seriously, we've been dreaming about the migas since the first bite! We ate there twice during our 4 days in Austin, and stopped back a third time to have them one more time before getting on the plane home! Just go!,|,
Good place for lunch with coworkers, we were celebrating interns going back to school.  In addition to a good and vaired beer selection, I was excited to see several "cheap" but awesome canned beers...how can you be out of Schlitz?  Lunch was fine, service was a little slow/inattentive, but food was quite good.  If they could keep the Schlitz stocked up and this would be 4 stars.  I'm sure this place would be fun for happy hour.,|,
I had such a great experience at this salon! It was super easy to book online after reading great reviews about Sarah Ann, I was happy to book a cut and color with her. She really listened to what I was trying to achieve/avoid with my hair color, as it often turns a brassy blonde, and my want for keeping my locks long. I couldn't have been happier with the way that my hair turned out. The dead ends are gone, and it looks healthy and vibrant!  I will be coming back for sure!,|,
If it was possible to give it zero stars I would. They're not able to hold an appointment , commitment or service. I would rather never waste my time and go somewhere else. If you expect not to make it to your event on time book here.,|,
My favorite bar.  Great beer selection, good food, and board games to play.  What is not to love?,|,
We tried this for the  time and did not like anything about it.  The food was not good tasting and the service was really bad.  Unless you really love Iranian food you will not t place. Not recommended.,|,
The food is expensive. If you stick to the lobster and fish it is yummy. I made the mistake of getting the $22 steak frites for my daughter. The portion was so tiny and overlooked. I honestly thought they made her a child size portion. I am still in shock that they charged $22 for what she received. The guacamole wasn't fresh. It tasted like it came out of a can and the tortilla chips were not so good either. The location is great for a sunny afternoon. the vibe is fun. The waitstaff is nice.,|,
So great this is in Portland!  I hope they stick around - go there you won't be disappointed.  Great people, delicious food, wonderful experience.,|,
This Walgreens pharmacy drive thru has poor customer service. I've been sitting here for more than 20 minutes with no one answering my simple question of if a prescription came through.  They need more pharmacy technicians or something.  The drive thru is not convenient if you have to wait 20 minutes to even get customer service!  Find a different Walgreens,|,
I have shopped at Paloma for 8 yrs and they are the best run small business on the planet. Not only do they have a wonderful selection of clothing, they provide the best personalized service I have ever experienced. Kudos to Michael and his staff! If you haven't been, definitely check it out.,|,
I sat here for hours while I was visiting Portland.  Excellent people watching.  Pretty good service and delish pie!  Be sure to have cash, they charge for small amounts charged to your card.,|,
Kaiten sushi is pure fast food, instant sushi...instant satisfaction! Quality is good for the price and staff is friendly (and cute.) I would be in heaven if they opened up in L.A.! Bottom line...cheapest place in the Pearl haha,|,
Why did your veggie wrap get smaller today? expensive 7 dollar wrap.,|,
What I like (and wanted to share) about Bahel the most (other than their delectable awaze tibs!) is their interior decor. It is smaller (than other ethiopian spots) but very neat, very cozy. Great for a date-night or as a more intimate setting for you and a couple friends.  Also, definitely try their Honey Wine (it's house-made)!,|,
I am always pleasantly surprised by the quality of the dishes and the variety in the menu items. I do miss the big fountain but change is good. Can never resist their  baklava. Try the pizza first. It's our favorite.,|,
Owner is a super nice and chill guy. Drinks are amazing! Love their fresh fruit drinks and will always come back to this place!,|,
Great new nail spot! The staff is so friendly and kind. I went with 2 of my friends and we all had great experiences with their service. It's a modern and clean salon with reasonable prices.   I highly recommend it!,|,
I had brunch here once, and it was divine. The place is a little cramped, but you can get over that when you taste the food. I haven't eaten there any other time than brunch, so I am not an authority on anything else!,|,
Sometimes it smells too much like fish for me to handle. Sometimes you can't sit cause there is a show later that night. Sometimes there is a rediculous line and cover. But then again, it could be just what you need.,|,
Holy. From the second you walk into the hotel to the last step before you leave, it is pampering and relaxation all the way. All of the staff is professional, so friendly and the bodycare workers are well trained. The pods on the deck, the hot tubs, outdoor fireplace, steam room, everything. This place is a bit pricey, but it's worth every last cent.,|,
Great concept, location, space, bar, menu and servers but too many failures in the execution of the menu: octopus over cooked and beans undercooked in a salad; pork over cooked and dry in three orders of the entree, a general tendency to have a heavy hand with lemon and fresh herbs, and Bolognese sauce totally lacking in unctuousness, Some high points: beet salad, calamari, gnocchi with short ribs and excellent Negroni. We were a table of six and we dined before the seven PM crush.,|,
Great evening with my wife celebrating our 20th anniversary. The food was great. Everything was prepared perfectly. Service was excellent.,|,
Been here twice. Food is mediocre at best. Service was poor both times too. Definitely won't be back,|,
Great happy hour deal and the food is good. The Cuban sandwich is delicious and it's a regular spot for us. I really like this place except every time I've been there the service has sucked. I mean, waiting 25 minutes to order and watching 3 tables sit down and leave in the meantime. Good food, good prices, just don't go if you're in a rush.,|,
Went there for the first time. Started off with calamari which is perfectly fried goes along well with their marinara sauce. I had the Chris' Special pizza 14" size for my meal. The cheese was amazing, it was really stretchy and stringy, that's how you know the cheese is good. The pizza was loaded with toppings; filled me up in just 3 slices. To finish off with dessert, I got the creme brûlée cheesecake which was also good and sweet. I would come here again.,|,
The service was ridiculously slow, and they weren't even busy. We waited almost 10min before anyone came to the table. No water, no bread basket. I had a grilled chicken and guacamole sandwich which was good, the tomato basil soup was delish, but they really skimp on the "fresh" fruit. Probably will not return to this location.,|,
Tasty fast food!! You can try a variety of sizes so go for a bug one!! You can also refill your soda.,|,
Came here for lunch. The food is okay and you get charge for the location that it is in. I got the chicken teriyaki box. The portions for lunch is good.,|,
Greasy and uninspired. I've only had the take-out, but I've never had a good experience with it. Everything's very salty and greasy. Serving sizes are generous, but you're not going to want to eat all of it. Also, prices are quite high. The Chinese food is subpar (even by takeout standards), and they scrimp on vegetables and meat (lots of carbs thoguh). The sushi is okay, but you can get the same quality at your local grocers for much less. Overall, I don't recommend this.,|,
This place is delicious! The woman at the front counter was very helpful and she brought out our 2 drinks very quickly. She also checked on us to see if we were happy with our drinks. I got the coffee milk tea with pearls and the pearls were just the right consistency. I will definitely come here again if I'm ever in Vancouver.,|,
Yes, I'm a fan. They always do good. Keep in mind that SB has a hidden menu. Ask the people and see what else they have.,|,
Just average.  I had the small chic greek salad.   It was pretty usual and the chicken was very over cooked and too chewy.   But reasonably priced at 8$.  Good alternative for the area bc there just doesn't seem to be many creative choices at this intersection.,|,
Great selection, great customer service (for the most part.)  I would have given 5 stars but I asked a question of an associate named "James" and I was given a dirty look and short answers, like I was troubling him.   Everyone else was super friendly and considerate.,|,
Service is good. Food is also good. Very extensive wine list and fantastic peach sangria. I had a good time. If I have to pick something not so good. The kitchen can be a little slow than expected. But it is totally acceptable if you are not in a hurry to go somewhere else.,|,
Food is good, but portions are tiny tiny and pretty expensive. Go to the other Fuji's in Quincy where portions are just right and it's pretty much by far the best I've ever had!  The interior here is nice though and drinks are good.,|,
I love this place!!!!!!!!!! The food is always fresh and the staff is friendly. For the past three years I always had a fresh meal exactly the same. Consistency is very important.,|,
Chicken was awesome. Very juicy...  Not a fan of the sides, but we would come back...,|,
Green muenster was delicious. Bacon was crisp not greasy and avocado perfectly warmed.  The breads was golden brown with a side of truffle fries and a peach Arnold Palmer. What's not to like!,|,
Excellent place any time of the day. Have been a few times now since it's discovery. Whether you are getting a breakfast crepe with eggs, meats, veggies or one smothered in fruit and Nutella it's pretty much awesome any time of day. Staff is super friendly and establishment is very clean and open.,|,
We always get great service here, also they are constantly helping some non profit or another. They are great to have in the community. I can usually get my favorite flavors plus they change out flavors to coincide with the season.,|,
Asher is an excellent little brewery situated in the outskirts of Boulder. I have had their taster sets which are real good but the Asher beer that I like best has got to be the Green Lantern. It seems very popular with everyone as well because the second time that I went here they were clean out. They have fun logos for their beer too which is reflected onto their t-shirts. Unfortunately their t-shirts are very popular and are often sold out as well. Staff knowlegeable, friendly and helpful!,|,
Everything we had was delicious from the starter to the entree. The atmosphere was cool too. I can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu. We got chips and dip, halibut with kale and cornbread and tres leches for dessert. I think it took us less than 5 minutes to eat our entree. My husband and I split everything and it was so good we couldn't get it in fast enough!,|,
Small pizza place on garden street. They are better than any pizza in this area. They have family meals that are good. The owners are friendly and want your business.(that is hard to find these days, unfortunately) The bread is good . If I cant make it to mama rosa's, this is a definitely a good choice.,|,
Really not worth the price. I was charged 300$ for my roots to get done. She suggested I do two tones. It turned out very brassy on top and and didn't match the rest of my hair. Way too much money for a color I didn't like at all.,|,
Just a delight. Very relaxing and nice feel. The food and coffee is delicious. Good service too. Will definitely be back!,|,
A mediocre indian food experience.  All of their food was bland and just plain crappy.  Naan wasn't fresh, meat was dry and lunch buffet felt like a rip off.  Did I mention they're pricey?    Stay away.  This place is for those who have never had good Indian food and unfortunately probably won't turn any of then on to trying it again in the future.,|,
The manager Linchul is awesome. Nice service and a must check place for Japanese izakaya food,|,
Love the food love the place however I have made several trips to go there and they are always out of the croissant ham and turkey sandwiches where the cheese and meat are baked inside, i have tried early in the mourning and they never have any on the weekend, Was a better place when it was Paradise Bakery somehow its changed.,|,
Was an Austin for the week and was looking for a good pizza place. I found this locally on pizza place and decided to stop in.  The pizza was amazing, fresh in the staff was nice. The prices are reasonable and they make the food in front of you so you can see how good are.  I will be definitely revisiting this location next time that I come to Austin. I also recommend this location highly to anyone looking for an amazing pizza place.,|,
Beach-fresh seafood without having to go to the beach and without the tourist-gouging prices.  The owner is in the kitchen busting her butt every time I'm here, and the hard work shows in the delicious food.   Both greasy fried plates and healthier options are available.  Don't underestimate this understated-looking place.,|,
Impressive decor. $10 for bourbon on the rocks - one of my companions said that the ice costs extra. Really impressive audiophile stereo gear - if I sound like a typical gear-geek guy salivating over McIntosh tube amps, then sue me. But when they cranked up the music, it was too much for my geezer ears and I bid my pals goodnight and split.  My tastes are simpler and quieter, and this isnt the sort of place I'd typically choose, but I came as an out-of-towner meeting up with some pals.,|,
It's was good. Not great but good. Hot the double burger and fries. Good service too.,|,
Good steak. Good service. Good sides. 3 "G"s in my book gets four stars.  After a long ride in high heat a steak is what I needed. The filet ain't as good as one my my Big Green Egg. But it hit the spot. I will return. The Mac and cheese and cheesy grits were very good. Just my mistake for ordering 2 cheese sides.,|,
Nice spot to just chill when it's not too busy. The food I had here was really bad (salmon), so I vowed never to eat here again. Caught up with people here afterwards and saw what they were eating... Looked better than what I had. Maybe you just have to pick the right stuff there. I'm guessing it's a hit-or-miss kinda place.,|,
Love the beer, servers are super. Just remember, buyer beware and check your tab or I guarantee that $7 beer will show up as $8 on your bill!,|,
Well I'm back... And all is right with the world... Nice new friendly, sweet employees and my wangs EXTRA WET...,|,
A fun and yummy option for the kids. I enjoyed the tasty flavors myself too. Thanks for bringing such a cool concept to the neighborhood.,|,
It's funny. Yelp says Howling Wolf is open and delivering (when you filter by open and delivery), however, I was just told by the staff that they are no longer taking delivery orders. On top of this, they have told me in the past (5+ times) that their delivery wait is 2 hours.   It takes a maximum of 5-10 mins to drive from point A to point B in Salem. These 2hr waits did not happen in the month of October, so it's pretty unreasonable.,|,
It was hard to find this place and it's very small. The good thing about it being small though is if you have a small group of people you still feel like it's a party and not awkwardly huddled in some corner. Nice ambiance if you're looking for an upscale feel while you're drinking with some friends.,|,
I love origins! Lots of delicious smelling scrubs, soaps, lotions, and general personal care products. I am a stickler for non-synthetic non-artificial scents. Everything here smells natural and delicious.  The gum? The best I've ever had. Get one of those big ass gum balls from the machine, and LOVE IT.,|,
Recommend before a Sox game or to watch any game.  More floor space than The Cask.  Good bar food, amazing nachos (with cheese, not sure what that person below is talking about) , and reasonable beer.  I like this place and will continue to go.,|,
I absolutely love McGrath Cosmetic and refuse to go anywhere else for cosmetic procedures. Dr. McGrath performs my botox injections and Tina takes care of my chemabrasions. The staff is always nice and friendly and the prices are great!,|,
Very good authentic Hawaiian food! The kalua pork is the best I've had outside of the islands. Their hot sauce is good on everything! Highly recommend if you like Hawaiian/Asian fusion style food.,|,
with its abundance of tables, seating, and free wi-fi, andala is a prime locale for studying, reading, writing, or chatting.  it's an ideal spot where they don't pressure you to leave, but i wish it held in heat better than it does...  i usually hunker down with a mint tea, my computer, and later, the Kufta over pilaf ... but if i'm not drinking a freshly heated pot of tea, i'm colder than can be in under an hour.,|,
One of the best bars in Buckhead! Great live music, atmosphere and service! The bartenders and staff are awesome.,|,
They sure do know how to throw a New Years Eve party. Live music instead of that top 40 auto tuned crap and an exceptionally diverse crowd. Such a relief to be able to go somewhere that isn't filled with rowdy college kids,|,
Very cool fish counter!! Interesting meats too! The olive bar is great, reasonably priced. Good selection of olives with the pits still in! The pre-made salad selection was a bit of a let down, I came here to grab one for dinner and there were only three choices. I would have been better off grabbing one at weilands.  The pre-made cold salads were good though and helped make up for the mediocre selection of pre-made salads,|,
Pizza/experience was not good. Ordered the margarita pizza and it was horrible. The "mozzarella cheese" was thin uncooked/lightly cooked tasteless peices of anything but mozzarella cheese. The basil was thrown over it (and old) in large pieces and there was huge chunks of orange cherry tomatoes on it instead of regular slices of tomato.  The "pizza fries" were horrible too. Soggy and no effort to make look or taste good.,|,
Nice location in the heart of downtown, very friendly staff, nice patio.  The 3 stars are basically because of the food, which it wasn't amazing for the price. $16 for tortilla and 3 dips, $16 for a very small chicken & waffle dish and $17 for daily pasta with a OK taste.  If they provide a bit better food for that price, I would be more excited to go back, but right now I have better choices with cozy patio in downtown area.,|,
Really cool joint wit a damn good porchetta sandwich. The crackling was spot on and the salsa verde was flavorful and not too runny. Definitely better than the meat and bread in Seattle. Some things just are done better in Candada I suppose.,|,
Great small place, don't come with large crowd, it seats 20!!!! The selection of 5 oysters and a great small wine list say "come on back for more",|,
For the price and the fact that you can bring your own wine and snacks, this place is the real entertainment deal. They patiently walk you through a design to paint which you get to take home and keep. Fun for groups, dates, etc. I love it and can't wait to go back!,|,
Got the basic Gyro, and it was good.  I wasn't sure about the Bella sauce prior to ordering.  It is different than the standard tzatziki sauce, but it was very good.  They had a fairly long line that day, but they kept it moving very well.  I was impressed with the speed of getting my food after the order.  I have seen to many trucks that are quick to take your order, and money, and then it takes forever to get your lunch.   I will eat lunch at this truck again, if and when, I see them.,|,
Awesome store. They have everything you could want and the prices aren't too crazy! I was able to get an Aden & Anais blanket and a very handy stroller rain cover for not too scary of a price! The store can be intimidating because they have so much great stuff and in such a cool area (Pearl District). The girl that helped me was super sweet and informative and I really appreciated all her help.,|,
This is a solid chain restaurant, located throughout New England, offering a big menu - burgers, italian, fish, steak, etc. I wouldn't come here on a date but it is fine for a business lunch or dinner with pals to drink beers and watch a game. The bread is exceptional. I had chicken parm one time, which was a little dry. The next time I had a club sandwich and fries which was pretty good. A little pricey for the quality of the food. I think its better for sandwiches and burgers than entrees.,|,
Delicious tacos and other stuff. The nachos are to die for. Dripping with cheese and other yummies. The flour tortillas are melt in your mouth delicious. Good and spicy salsa. The staff is friendly and doesn't mind delivering your food if you are sitting outside. And the prices are great too! Also next door to Irie Bean, for good coffee.,|,
Even though the place is small and cramped the food was good. I ordered the Homemade corn beef hash with 2 eggs and fries and it was delicious. I would definitely go there again since it was so cheap.,|,
What a cool place!  Service was quick and food was tasty. Definitely try the chowder. I really enjoyed the hot lobster roll.,|,
Everything I've ever eaten there is great, and I've had most things on the menu at one time or another.  The Old Fashioned is killer,|,
Service was horrible, manager was largely indifferent, food took forever and was either burned or cold. The manager ended up comping our meal since the entire experience was so awful.  Then when we were leaving we heard the staff talking about how we were "the people who didn't want to pay for their meal." Will never return.,|,
Its a beautiful building full of beautiful people, but the services themselves fall a little flat for me.  Both the massage and the facial were simply nice.  not fantastic.  At Dosha prices, I expect fantastic.   Plus, the facial involved rubbing oil in my hair in order to get a scalp massage.  I put stuff in my hair every morning with the express purpose of removing oil from my scalp, why, why would I want you to massage it into my scalp!,|,
I visited here twice during a trip to Concord and Boston in 2015. Pizza was delicious, and we catered it for a small party with some friends near the end of the trip. Over a weeks period our group went here twice, and it was appetizing both times.,|,
Chanel Roll, Rolls Royce, Burger appetizer, and the yellowtail shots. Youre welcome,|,
They charged me 15% tip although there was no waiter/waitress to give you service. The food is not any good comparing to authentic turkish kabab. The price is pretty high. The worst part was there were NO parking lot!,|,
The food is fresh,  but not as good as I though. We order a Oden hot pot, and thought its going to have something special inside, but turn out the ingrdient inside are all that can buy in supermarket. Overall is too pricey, and dissapointed.,|,
awesome owner and bartenders, recommended by a friend to watch some games & good vibes,|,
Mary Chung is OK.  Only go here if you don't feel like going further off Mass Ave to get to Mu Lan.  For what its worth none of the Chinese people I work with like Mary Chung.,|,
Friendly service, nice environment and great food, we tried the home-made bread, humos, cheken adnana kabeb and speciality meat cooked in bread with yogurt. All were super great except for the humos.,|,
Justin is great. Several friends also go to him. Manicure was so so - wouldn't go for another mani there.,|,
Well what can I say...our appetizer - chicharrones weren't ordered by our waitstaff (she said she forgot) the pimento cheese burger melt had no pimento cheese  and was actually cheddar cheese with pimentos (Varsity has a better one)! The lamb burger was cold and everything else went downhill!  Guess we won't come here again!!!,|,
My boyfriend and I popped in this place to grab a drink while walking around the pearl district. We were visiting from SF and had no idea what places we should check out. With the help of Alex and Slater they gave us excellent recommendations and made us feel extremely welcomed to Portland. We got to sample their delicious house margaritas and we were very impressed. We both felt that they made our trip with the recommendations and being friendly! Thanks again guys!,|,
I love this restaurant! My family and I have been coming here weekly for years. The food is delicious!,|,
Great frozen custard..... loved it.  Had the pretzel caramel crunch concrete.  So delicious salt and sweet.  Perfect treat on a warm day,|,
I've been going here 8-10 times a year for 15+ years....and it has never disappointed me in any way.   Standard order is: sausage/lamb combo, 2 high lifes & a roni/sausage/garlic....i always look forward to the next time I get to go here.,|,
Update: since I spoke to the owner via email. Calling for take out, customer service is much better.    If you are a Calzone fan, you MUST try one from here, the best I have ever had.,|,
Awesome new find! Service was great. Right when we sat down we were given chips and a tray with 3 different salsas. Ordered a margarita- it was delicious. Not a real sugary sour mix, yum! For my meal I got the "Tokyo tacos" and they were out of this world!! We usually go to Casa Vallarta but will be going here from now on. Delish!!,|,
Happy hour ichiban:  Pint of beer $5 Vegi Curry $5 Pork Belly $3 Quail Egg wrapped in bacon $3 Shishito Peppers $1.50 Shitakke Mushrooms $1.50 Grilled Squid $4 Tokyo Ramen w/ corn & garlic $6 Another beer $5  Total $34  いいぞ!!!!!,|,
This is the third Dim Sum in my life.   Having this said,  I will tell you that I ate really good and I was so full and satisfied after it... :) this is a nice 3*  Food looked fresh and the environment of the restaurant is lively due to the little trolleys offering the different specialities.    We were 5 and we ordered lots of items including desserts.,|,
The staff were very nice. The good was also great. It's very easily accessible on Robson St and we just ran into the spot because we were walking back to our hotel. Try it out!,|,
Went here for lunch and had a great experience. I got the poke and it was by the best I've ever had. Huge portions of fresh fish that were seasoned perfectly. I wish there was a little more rice and the ginger Mac salad could have used a little salt, but overall it was a tremendous experience. My girlfriend got the pork and pineapple tacos and they were good but not spectacular.   I recommend the poke as highly as I can recommend anything!,|,
My boyfriend and I love getting brunch  here. We're regulars for the Sunday brunch now and love the staff. They're super friendly and good at remembering faces which always feels nice. The food is also pretty good and I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy the cocktails.,|,
Best Indian food in Austin!  Excellent food at good prices. Many authentic choices   I love this place, I come here every time I am in Austin. Highly recommended  but be careful, hot is hot. :-). Don't miss the eggs, shrimp, etc. so many great dishes,|,
Food excellent , service sub-par. 10+ employees not super busy and it took forever to get our food , than it took forever to ring us up. By the time we got our food it was cold. I hope they pick it up or we won't be back.,|,
Seems like it will be a nice music venue. It's cozy so can get packed quick. Wish they could do something with the layout. If you are in the overflow room you can't see the band and there is only 1 unisex restroom (that I could see anyway).  Chicken wings are excellent, drinks were good. Will update after the next visit.,|,
We picked up our kitchen clock today and it is ticking right along after having it cleaned and oiled. We dropped off an 1800s ladies pocket watch that has been in my husband's family for four generations and are anxious to see it cleaned up and running again. Definitely recommend but do call first. They don't have regular hours.,|,
great food! i've never been in the restaurant but i always order delivery here. volcano sushi, cali roll and that other one i can eat are really good. not big on sushi as i can't eat raw fish. their teriyaki and chicken wings are good too.,|,
Was here about a couple weeks ago when they first opened.  The service was good but my expectations were low because they were "soft opening."  Went back yesterday, Amazing Boiled Bagels and Great Service!  Sesame bagel with homemade Lox, so good.  Glad you guys are in the hood.,|,
Experience: There's usually no wait and they're very accommodating for large groups.  Food: A couple dishes can be sub par and bland, but majority of their dishes are good.  The recommend the following: 1. Beef or Pork Momo 2. Shamday 3. Chicken Curry,|,
Can't get much better. 1 dinner came a little late so the manager apologized and didn't charge at all. Waiter was one of the best I've ever had before. Will be back...,|,
Solid   I'll go back for the soup anytime because the broth is too good,|,
This place is brand spanking new and just opened a few months ago. Good addition to the mid Main street strip. Lots of cute pastries. Nothing that is diet compatible with me, however, picked up 12 pieces for a party. Customer service was awesome and friendly.,|,
Lunch with clients here on 27 July.  Service was very attentive.  Vegetarian version of Cobb Salad was good.  But there was lipstick on my water glass.  Gross.,|,
I absolutely love this place. Yes, it's small but that's okay. I don't mind it at all. Dinner prices are a little steep but again, that's OK because the food is delicious! My favorite time to come is LUNCH! I've been coming here for about two years now. Absolutely highly recommend this place. This is a perfect example of not judging a book by its cover.,|,
Very good and as far as I can tell authentic food. Prices are really good for the quality and amount you get.,|,
During my Boston trip I tried a lot different restaurants and honestly this one is the best so far ! Love Asian food, love Korean food and this was a great experience. Cute decoration, AMAZING fresh food and service was really really good ! Try it !,|,
This is probably the 5th in 3 months we have eaten here.   The staff is always helpful.  They work really hard to move people in and out.   My kids just love the kids meal - pizza, drink and ice cream for 5... Not bad. This is a very family friendly place - so expect kids andwait from,|,
I spontaneously stumbled upon this and got to lucky. When I got there I was immediately heated.  My stylist was Flavia was fabulous spent hours very professional and amazing customer service.  Photos show hair one Month later and I am still receiving compliments!  Seriously she did an outstanding job I an beyond impressed with the results!  Ask for Flavia!!,|,
Expensive loud and over stimulating. Service was terrible while bowling. They do have nice bowling lanes, all sized and organized bowling balls. But please if they're going to charge what they do then let's raise the bar on service and customer service skills.,|,
Come for the tapas, stay for the charcuterie board.,|,
Went to the takeout deli counter this morning for bagels and lox sandwiches and pastrami sandwiches. The food was utterly amazing, the kind of food that makes you groan audibly with every bite. The service was great. All-around, fantastic! I foresee many trips here in the future.,|,
It is a tourist trap and you get tourist trap quality food and service. If you go during the weekend, it is full of college age riff raff and it unbearably loud. If you're looking for a place to take people from out of town, it can be fun. I like the indoors portion with the fire during the winter months.,|,
We used Flowers on High for our Wedding. The owner was great and listened to my ideas. We were able to get exactly what we wanted for a very reasonable price. Everything was absolutely beautiful on the day of the wedding and I recommend them to anyone I know that is getting married or needs flowers for a special occasion.,|,
Love this place. Found it by looking at the reviews. I moved here almost a year ago and couldn't find a salon...so happy I stopped in here! Now I'm going to go every few weeks,|,
Best bottle shop in the city.  Having a hard time finding a specific beer?  Go here.  Great selection and you can bring a beer from the bottle shop to the bar.  People are pretty knowledgeable, but part of the appeal of this place is just getting lost in all the options,|,
The atmosphere and decor is mostly what makes this place shine. Their skillets are pretty darn good too but different every time and u are almost always guaranteed a line up. The coffee and service is fabulous.,|,
Hey guys, a reviewer below mentioned this location failed a health inspection. I googled it to see how they are currently rated and if you click the link below you will see Super China has a rating of 95. I know the restaurant name says "super dragon China" but I double checked and it's the same place. Great greasy Chinese food but I've never done takeout so I cannot comment on the delivery wait time.   http://www.austintexas.gov/health/restaurant/scores.cfm,|,
Beautiful day for a walk and a little snack at Kenny Centre.  Picked up a couple of sweets at Belle's Bread!  Quick service, sweets aren't too heavy, Yummy!,|,
I have no idea as came to watch the blue wild card game and three people were in the bar.  Not much of a sports bar. Walked in and walked out.,|,
Totally helpful staff! Excellent coaching my daughter while she designed her own wedding invitation they printed in house. I walked around store while she worked. Every employee in the store asked if I had any questions. Awesome talented staff. Interesting merchandise.,|,
Atmosphere is nice / cozy... Location is convenient/close-in.... But their drinks and food are overpriced and subpar. On my recent visit I spent $10 on a rock hard tart and a watered down chai. Lastly, out of the handful of times I've been here over the past few years I have hardly experienced friendly service. Not even a smile from the staff. Which, for me, makes the atmosphere not at all worth it. Skip it.,|,
Tender and flavorful beef brisket and ribs. Brisket is so tender it falls apart (smoked for 14 hours).  So flavorful sauce is not needed.,|,
Excellent food!  Love that they cook it up fresh to order.  I had the Chicago style with asada and the flavor was very good.  My hubby had the chicken tacos and he said they were very flavorful.  We will go again for sure!,|,
This is a great little eclectic shop of a mix of antique, vintage and new decor items. It is a favorite of mine on Belmont St. At one point they even had a cache of authentic London Bus signs. I actually bought 3 of them from their direct supplier at the time, Lukes Frame Shop. This is a must stop unique shop in Portland, and the staff is very helpful too!,|,
I come here regularly for lunch and the service and food is always decent but they really need to change their menu. It is always the same old stuff not interesting at all.,|,
I have wanted to try this place for a while now. Sure they have a lot of options and the staff was friendly and helpful. The reason I am only giving 3 stars is because they do not have a large coffee selections. Specifically, the traditional Vietnamese coffee which is something that most of these places serve. I think I will stick to Bambu since they have a bigger selection.,|,
Had a great experience. Kristen was so efficient and friendly.  Food was great.  Will come back.,|,
Went into WRB yesterday around 4pm after hearing about its outstanding food and beer, not busy. Found a seat in the tap room and waited more than 20 minutes as servers made their way to others around us. When a server finally did come over to us, the person was extremely rude and refused to take our order saying, "I'm busy right now" before walking off. Needless to say, despite their reputation, it's unlikely that we'll return if this is how they treat their customers.,|,
Narrow, winding streets.  Italian restaurants everywhere, Italian delis, coffee shops.  All in a very small area.  Lots of charm here.  Great to just walk around and get a feel for a pretty sizable Little Italy neighborhood here in the US.  Freedom Trail winds through the North End, so it's great to just wander around this area of town.,|,
Wow I'm impressed, it was really good. Now let me explain, I HATE White Castle because they have overly greasy burgers...but Fuddruckers...had the perfect amount of greasiness that it just tasted so good!     I love the idea of being able to put your own lettuce on and such, so extras don't cost crazy amounts when you're ordering your burger!     I wish they brought this chain back to Long Island and they would get rid of Shake Shack already (*puke*!!!!!),|,
Holy cow is this place good! Atmosphere, service, food, and dog friendly too. Some of their dishes are even named after dog commands!  I tried the Big Hit Burrito and was in foodie heaven - highly recommend!  Everything here is responsibly sourced and it just feels good to know what you're eating comes from a good place.,|,
Always bowl here with my friends. They also have jenga and ping pong which I love! the food is yum and sometimes they have a live band performing! Def a fun place to go!,|,
Great sports bar right across the street from Fenway. Usually packed before and after the games, as well as any weekend night. Food is good, if not a tad overpriced, most of the waitresses are fantastic, and the bartenders are as well. The pool hall is the 2nd floor, the bowling alley on the 3rd, and a roof deck alllll the way up. Be sure to meet the dress code before hand, and beware of belligerent drunks roaming Lansdowne Street nearby.,|,
We came in right before closing but were still treated very warmly--something I remember hating when I worked at restaurants. Beyond that, the food was fresh and bursting with flavors. Everything tasted like "more!" If you are really hungry you might want to order two or split an appetizer. I wish I lived in Atlanta so I could come here all the time! Oh and there is a large seating area with a bar that isn't shown in the pictures so don't worry about space!,|,
Memorial Day ... and only 2 cashiers open - who also work at a snails pace with an attitude. They like to not look their customers in the eye and really enjoy chatting with each other. I won't be back!,|,
I have never ate a whole bowl of pho at a restaurant before(I had pho tai), it was really good.  I have had better pho in terms of taste (not many viets can say no to their mother's pho) but the portion is very reasonable and finish able.  Their Taro Smoothies are also very good.,|,
Wow, really impressed. Best ice creams I have had in a WHILE. The prices are good for the quality.,|,
Eh, the night i went there were too many gross dudes (from blow-outs to unbuttoned shirts to shoving hard-ons up my ass), a decent cover band, far too many slutty looking girls who couldn't hold their liquor and over priced drinks plus a ridiculous cover... but it was St. Patrick's day, what more can you expect from anything in Fanuiel. I will say it is just about the Only place in Fanueil I'll go though so take that as a vote of confidence.,|,
Fantastic experience, from making the reservation to reviewing the dessert menu. Great service. The guacamole was so good, we inhaled it and had room for only a couple tapas, the camarones and flautas, both exquisite. A perfect dinner, and the margaritas were delicious  too.  We will return for dessert sometime soon.,|,
Food was awesome and affordable. I have never been to a place that has such nice staff everyone we met just went above and beyond. Family friendly atmosphere. Would go to again!,|,
I'm not from the area but every time I visit I make sure I come here. The country ham is really good. The staff here is amazing they make you feel really welcomed.,|,
Hands down the best frozen yogurt I've ever had. Incredibly fresh. The place was extremely clean, neat, and inviting. The owner was very sweet and helpful. Sooooo many toppings.,|,
Friendly staff and predictable, consistent food......nothing spectacular but decent enough. More like 3.5 stars for food and and extra .5 stars for the staff.,|,
Servers with the crapiest attitudes and dirtiest hair...and let's not forget you have to navigate through a wall of cigarette smoke to get in the door as these useless servers suck on cigarettes and complain in the parking lot.  Of course, you learn to overlook the pond scum they hire to serve you, but having a cockroach come running from underneath the syrup bottles to join me for lunch was too much for even me.,|,
Twice eaten here, two different locations. You're paying a premium not only for a great burger, but for ambiance and the experience itself, so it's better to enjoy a dinner meal (including an outrageous line) than a hurried lunch. I'll definitely be back,|,
Food wine and service were excellent. Sat at the counter, as was fitting for the name. Beautiful sexy atmosphere and made me feel like I was back in Paris.  Shared the leek tart and the cheese platter. Pretty presentation and so very tasty.  They have Monday night Parisian Maki, Wednesday mussels and frites (anyone care to join me?), and Thursday cheese night.   First weekend open and I have to say I'm impressed with them.,|,
We had the chicken and BBQ pork banh mi and the laos noodles. All was disappointing in taste and presentation. The sandwiches are better tasting at the Asian Shopping Center.  Service was friendly and attentive.,|,
I usually come to BWW on Tuesday and Thursday for their cheap bone and boneless wing days.  To double up, go after 9 to enjoy a nice happy our as well.  TVs and food!,|,
I really like That Pie Place for lunch. The pie crust is great and I love that things are made to order. The restaurant is always very neat and clean, and the service has never been anything but excellent. Over all, I am really happy with it and will continue to frequent it. I also love the loyalty punch cards--great way to get a free lunch!,|,
I stay at this brand often. I loved this hotel. It was close to everything. Clean, spacious and the staff was friendly. Breakfast is always good, they do a great job at keeping the property clean and well maintained. I love the fact that it's a quiet and comfortable environment. I've never had an issue and will continue to use this brand faithfully.,|,
My daughter and I got our hair done today. I got Senegalese twists and she got box braids. We both love the fantastic work you ladies did! Thank you so much.,|,
The idea of this place isn't bad. I mean, it's easy to think that with beer, fries & flavored ketchups, how can one go wrong?   It goes wrong when you don't have enough real estate to accommodate your customers & don't bother to find another way to mitigate that problem. At peak times, Saus continues to serve food & beer while customers are standing, with nowhere to set the food & beer down while attempting to dine.,|,
Oh,I can alway's feel Maria Bamford's presence when I shop at Target.This one's nice and big(what was reviewing again?) I love that.Close to Home good's so worth the trip.And it's neat and well staffed ,never had to wait.Um-Um,Shocantelle.,|,
Tried this place since it was in the neighborhood and I love their other place, Ria's. Food was good but nothing exciting and a bit pricey.,|,
I am surprised by all the one star service comments.  The service is quick and friendly each time and our order has been right every time and we go here a lot.  The burgers always taste a cut above the competition and each order of hand cut fries is made fresh.    It is pricier than some of the other places mentioned but you get what you pay for.,|,
Just moved here looking for a new eyebrow lady and gave this salon a try since it was close to my house. Super quick in and out and she did my arches perfect!! Better than my original girl in Cali! So glad I found her!,|,
Absolutely, hands-down the best food in Orlando. The monthly Pig Roast a bit overrated, but every other thing I've had--food, drink, service, dessert--has been top notch!  In this Orlando food desert, I rejoice every time we get a reservation!,|,
Went on a theater night so of course it was packed and noisy. Food was 4 stars, maybe even higher, but service was pretty average.,|,
Get the Tamago ramen, spicy, and add a ton of garlic chips and chili as needed. The garlic chips are on the table in front of you, and they will double the flavor of the ramen. On its own, the mild ramen chicken broth is really pretty bland, but becomes incredible with these additions.  Don't forget kaedama for $1.25 when you get near the bottom of the bowl and you're sad that you can't keep eating. You sure can. Believe in yourself!,|,
Their monthly sub specials are usually a good bargain. But their normal prices for other subs are a little high. Their subs are good... a notch higher than Subway. Their philly cheesesteak is a popular choice. I don't like ham or bacon, and I think 90% of their subs come with one or both. I know I could ask for a sub without it, but if i am paying a little higher price for a sub but getting less... the value just isn't there. Which is why I give it 3 stars instead of 4.,|,
This is a great little gem, such a cute sandwich shop in a lovely area. There are a lot of sandwich options, so prepare to make some tough choices. With that being said, there is something for everyone here.   Overall they make delicious sandwiches, so I would definitely recommend visiting this place.,|,
Best food in Beaverton.  Beaverton doesn't have enough food trucks.  For a working class city, we deserve less pretentious venues for snobs from the West Hills of Portland and more fantastic options like Ochoas Lupitas!!!!!!,|,
Just as bad as any other subway with the added gross out factor of a very sketchy clientele. Bad for the neighborhood too, they intentionally blocked the drive through lane of neighboring cafe Speedboat coffee shortly after subway starting to serve breakfast. Coincidence?,|,
Awesome bar, for the following reasons: preservation of a building which otherwise would hace been bulldozed. The ambiance and focus on Johnny and June Cash. The music.... The fact that the guy behind the counter was not a 20 smthng year old, but someone with whom you could have some good conversation. Last, but not least, the beer... They carry Green Flash, which is a favorite... Yep, no Crap Lite for this lady! If you visit Austin, this is a place you cannot miss.,|,
There's only one good reason to go here: Scorpion Bowl.  Imagine a 50 ounce mixed drink (big enough for 3-5) for just $18!!!  Iced margarita that tastes like Kool Aid.    It's always time for boat races.,|,
My girlfriend and I stopped for a glass of wine and ended up getting some appetizers. The antipasto was made authentically and the wine selection is awesome.  I will be going back really soon!!!,|,
Came here the other week and it was really good I like the portions and the environment. Friendly staff and also has a sign that says something like "be nice or leave" which is what every restaurant needs. There seems to be rude customers or staff at some places I've been to. I will come here when I get a chance again.,|,
Came here after a burlesque show next door and was pleasantly surprised. Chose it purely because I was starving and it was close by. But, drinks were good and strong. The bar tender was very nice and the owner was around and DJing. The food was definitely satisfactory; we shared onion soup, Brussels sprouts and a burger. It was all pretty good but nothing was mind blowing. We would definitely be back if in the neighborhood, especially after hearing about their secret drink menu.,|,
Unexpected pleasure and decadence in the E terminal of the Atlanta airport. "O" Toro, expert cocktails, and excellent service made my 3 hour layover seems far too short. Special thanks to Gicente (sic) for taking great care of me.,|,
I love good bread, I love good Italian food.  YAY!  (My apologies for being biased toward Italian food, but it really is tastier than just about anything else). ;),|,
Best restaurant in Portland.  We've been here several times and have never been disappointed.  The food is amazing, the staff wonderful and the decor stately.,|,
Had an in-depth eye exam and got a nice pair of glasses here a year ago. Staff is nice and efficient. When they were having fit issues this month, the friendly staff recommended having them replaced with the warranty. I quickly got a brand-new pair for $20. Their help was appreciated. Only downside is that their fitting is not quite as good as other places I have been.,|,
IT TOOK FOREVER! The lady seemed very confused. She didn't really comprehend what we were saying and messed up all of our orders,|,
I went in for the first time for a simple man's cut. My stylist Crystal did a great job cutting my hair. I really love how much attention she puts in cutting my hair. Will definitely come again.,|,
We used to go to District 7 for their apps, burgers and beers.   The new paint and decor is much better, making it not so dark.   We were short on time but have wanted to try the new place. The buffalo chicken dip, chicken fingers and fries were great. Staff were polite and there when we needed something.   Will definitely be back.,|,
Good, spicy chicken. Spicy beans. Good fried green tomatoes. Don't eat them right away, hottt. Good service, your Gus's World Famous Fried Chicken Tea cup stays filled. The only drawback(besides parking, take public transp) were the tiny tables. Hard to keep everything on the table.,|,
pretty good but i would personally go to red robin or somewhere else before here. it just isn't as amazing as everyone thinks it is.,|,
Location sucks for parking, but convenient if you just want to run in and pick it up.  Haven't had a donut that I didn't like, but they don't hold back on the sugar.   I personally prefer the peanut butter.   There's not a time that I have gone where it wasn't busy so be prepared for that, but the line moves fairly quick.,|,
I go to Capital University so I love that Aladdin's is practically right across the street! It's student friendly and the meals fill you up. The Baba and the Hummus are delicious, I get them every time. I recommend the Turkey Pita Roll but everything I've tried here is amazing.,|,
The Grand is a pretty cool little pool hall. They have about 20 pool tables to choose from (all of which were recently re-felted.) The drinks are fairly cheap, and the service has a borderline surly attitude, but in a good way. They still have the biggest lemons in Austin, and be sure to order a Dos and a shot of  Jenna from Kelsey the bartender.,|,
Me imaginé más bien un outlet, pero es un lugar para seguir consumiendo y engordando. La ropa NO es más barata de lo normal y los lugares para comer son más bien caros. En general es muy bonito, linda decoración y música en vivo; como para venir a mirar.,|,
Awesome Food!  Great service!  Texan native, so I was excited for their opening and will frequent Chuy's!  Great Happy Hour with drink specials and free nacho bar!,|,
Took some clients to Tucci's for a lunch. We had a nice private room, and the food was nice for a lunch. The service was excellent, and I'm excited to return and try more items on their menu.,|,
Brought my family to eat here couple times. Great environment! I forgot the name of that dish I ordered but they make really good burgers and fish. Service efficiency can be improved though. 4 stars for the food and service and 5 stars for the environment and location.,|,
My favourite coffee spot in the city. My usual is a latte, though the spanish latte is a nice (sweeter) version. Great for meeting with friends or casual meetings, or just picking up a coffee and treat (giant chocolate chip cookies!) to go. The staff are so friendly, and it's hip without being pretentious. A great spot.,|,
I have been a client of Kellie Jo's since she was in Barber College. I love her. She knows my hair and helps me keep it healthy. She does a two step process and I ALWAYS get compliments on my hair! If you wanna look purty, go to Kellie Jo! Hey, curly girls! This means you! She works with your hair not AGIN it....,|,
My favorite all time flavor really shines here with a fun play on today's culture; LIGERS BLOOD!! It's awesome. I love the texture of the snow too, very reminiscent of NOLA shaved ice, My other fav. flavor is blueberry muffin. yum-o. Good job Ice Queens.,|,
Never actually got to eat there. They cancelled our reservation 30 min before we were supposed to arrive, after receiving a confirmation email on our reservation just 2 days before. How rude!   At least it was a cloud with a silver lining: we ended up eating at Neptune Oyster Bar instead and had the most AMAZING lobster rolls I've ever had in my life!,|,
Gross. The waffles had clearly been baked or made hours ago, the bacon/cheese/avocado was on a sweet base of some kind. Cheese was cold and dry- not even melted.  The banana Nutella was so saturated that it was soggy, (again cold) and carried about 4X the amount of whipped cream as the volume of waffle.   Also- counter girl was rude, sullen, and made me feel like walking back out.   Not going back :/,|,
Titaya's is quickly becoming a fast favorite for Thai in my neighborhood. Besides having delicious food, they have plenty of parking. I am very fond of their fresh spring rolls as the greens they put in them are quite minty and fresh, which helps them stand out from other restaurant's spring rolls. I do notice their service is consistantly a bit slower than I would like, but I'm usually enjoying the food enough not to care. Don't forget to try the mango mousse - it's a great way to end a meal.,|,
Why didn't I write the review for this yet?   Whenever I fly east, I'm trying to switch planes in Atlanta to have a oh so delicious chicken sandwich with riffled fries and lots of mayo.  Only once has this Chick-fil-A been closed - due to a national holiday (or was it a Sunday? can't remember) which brought a tear to my eye. But every other time I have not been let down.  Already looking forward to December 2010 which will mark two more occasions. Yay!,|,
Very strong contender for a best meal of our Pacific Northwest trip. Came here on a recommendation from a friend down in Southern California. They pretty much were one of the first in the the farm to table movement up in Portland. Highlight of the meal for us was the American Wagyu beef tartare.  Ambience was nice, if not a little crowded as it's like a little house. Cocktails were good service was great... Would highly recommend.,|,
Tasty stuff, ability to substitute tofu for free.  A little dependent on sauce/dressings though.  I've probably gone for my last time they use 100% disposable plates, bowls, cups.  Didn't see any composting either.,|,
Missed the grand opening deal but still managed to snag their promo of the two ladies (milk tea with pearls and pudding) for $3.50 and my friend got the bubble gaga (tea with pearls and coconut jelly) also for $3.50. Both were good. I'd say it's up to par with Chatime.   Dislikes: doesn't accept credit card - cash & debit only. Can't accumulate belly points even though they're listed on the website.,|,
My first visit was on last night. I loved it! Service was good. It was crowded but we were seated in a fair amount of time. I will definitely return!,|,
I LOVE Costco food.  This time I ordered the chicken strips & fries with a side of gravy (which was 30 cents extra).  The fries were extremely crispy and thick and the chicken fingers were as well, crispy and well cooked.  It was a large portion and in total, the cost was about $7.  It was well worth it in my opinion. I'll definitely come back!,|,
Over priced and al la cart. The burger was very flavorful,  and I like the concept of serving dog treats. The problem I do have is that one patty on the burger is too small,  two is just right but cost you almost $3 for the one patty. The staff the night I went were very unfriendly and impersonal considering the atmosphere the place represents. I'll chalk that up to the snow on the ground that day. (But I'm pretty sure it was the staff everyday),|,
great local bakery.  I've ordered several custom cakes with characters on them for my kids, and Michelle (the owner) does an unbelievable job re-creating just about anything!  We had the perfect Little Einsteins cake & a perfect Jesse (Toy Story) cowgirl cake as well. I've also had their treats and no complaints here.  I don't eat kolaches, but a friend of mine raves about them. Great local bakery - so hard to find these days!,|,
It is the best Authentic Thai restaurant that I  have taken. The price is reasonable and A food is fantastic. I recommend to anyone who want to take Thai cuisine to be here. Awesome Thai Food :),|,
I'm one of those who liked this place better than Ramen Tatsuya. I like the variety and the jungle is my favorite! What I really prefer is the appetizers and other items on the menu as well. Michi Ramen has become my favorite spot and I've never had a bad experience.,|,
Great tiny pizza spot. The Parma due pie was amazing and not too heavy at all. You add the balsamic glaze sauce to it and wow it's amazing! Would definitely go back again. Only thing is that while pies came out fast, it felt a bit rushed even I brining check to table as your finishing up your food.,|,
I have always had great food and great service! They are super fast but most importantly delicious! Thank you Cafe Yumm for being so amazing. P.s I love that you can buy the yumm sauce to take home. Super good on vegies!,|,
Food was great, but Jimmy the bartender was what made the whole experience worth it!! Love, love, LOVE him,|,
Easily the best pedicure that I've had in my entire life. I didn't have an appointment, so I had to wait for a bit.   However, the individualized treatment I got once I was there was amazing. The technician worked on my feet for an hour, until she my feet were unrecognizable. (It had been a while since my last pedicure.) I've never had feet so beautiful.   I would definitely recommend, and I will come back every time I'm in Vancouver!,|,
blech!  Horrible dinner tonight.  There were 5 other tables all sitting with their menus for ages and not able to get the wait staff's attention.  They were ignoring most of us and once we finally ordered and then finally got our food, it was not worth the wait.   Bland chicken curry.  Icky everything else.  I will never ever come back.  Bad service, worse food.  Stay away.,|,
The kid that works here is hilarious and is always so happy to educate people on how it works and give opinions on flavors. He could you sit behind the counter like a lot of crappy service you get here in Austin but he makes the experience almost more than the frozen yogurt. Great patio for Sunday funday!,|,
Great burritos, something different from Anna's / Chipotle / Boca Grande.  Very fresh, fast, and cheap.  Love the steak burrito, fish burrito is also good (with chipotle sauce).,|,
Champions is fine if you're looking for the very basics of a sports bar. Lots of screens. Plenty of space. Good food. It feel like you're in an airport. Not sure what the significance of that is, but it's true. The place has gotten better in their new location in the Marriott. Kind of a sterile place, but it's fine.,|,
It was expensive but soooo worth it!! Their filet was amazing and the wine selection was very good!,|,
Overall, it's a pretty great place. The produce and refrigerated area (both on the east side of the store) is a little weird. It's just kind of small and narrow which makes it awkward when there are multiple shoppers and employees in the area.   In general the employees are friendly.   This is definitely my go-to place for the produce and I love that they don't give out bags.,|,
Great Atmosphere, excellent way to finish or start a date. Sample any flavor you want with any topping as well and you have yourself a 5 star ice-cream shop.,|,
Fabulous food from Asian dishes to sushi and sashimi. Good cocktail and beer. Nicely decorated. Loved our server Brianna.,|,
I've been to a few Chef Hung's beef noodles before, including the two in Beijing.  The food in this one in Westbrook Village is quite nice, but the service is horrible!  Especially that male manager who's been rude and dismissive both times I was there.  Anyone wants to try the beef noodle there better watch out for this guy.  He seems to be the only male employee there.  All the girls are super nice though.,|,
To be honest, I was a bit scare of going here after so many bad reviews. I still decided to give it a try.  When I arrived a was confused didn't see any check in area, Immediately a server approach my party and ask if he could help, I told him I had a reservation, didn't seem to matter he told me I could sit anywhere I wanted...  I will not say every single detail but I will sum up my experience saying that service was GREAT and food was FANTASTIC.,|,
Came here this morning to have breakfast with my daughter, when we walked in, not one of the many servers, greeted us. Then when we were finally approached, no smile, no how is your day. Nothing. Our server, Jane, seemed to also be in a bad mood. Hardly smiled and seemed like she really didn't want to be there. Made the whole experience sour. Although the food was quite good, I would not recommend this place to anyone because of the horrible service I received.,|,
Visiting Cambridge and tried this shop out. I was displeased with the politeness of the barista and my mocha was milk, Hershey syrup and an espresso shot. I wasn't impressed. However, their mushroom omelette was very good and I appreciated the presentation with greens and pita.,|,
This is my 2nd time eating here and this place is 10 times better than olive garden. Food is made fresh to order. It's a comfortable atmosphere. It's fun you can color on the paper tablecloths that they replace for each person. On this trip I ordered the chicken masala and it was awesome. The best appetizer is the stuffed peppers. My fiance ordered the chicken parm and that was awesome as well  I highly recommend this place. Do not go to olive garden it's not worth it.,|,
This meal was one of the best I have had in Austin in the 7 years I have lived here. The flavors were interesting and complex and the dishes were so unique. I can't say enough good things. Our favorite dishes were the quesadilla, mushrooms, street corn, and panna cotta for dessert. I would say the only downside is that dining room was very very loud and difficult to have a conversation in.,|,
The food is very low quality and the service barely luke warm.   I have tried it a few times hoping that i had caught it on a bad day but it just seems to keep getting worse.,|,
Stylists are competent & professional. They did not attempt to up sell me and my 11 year old son. We will definitely go back,|,
Wow, I was surprised at how great my natural foods burrito was. I couldn't believe it was $20 but that's the price of quality ingredients I guess.,|,
Absolutely loved this place. Been there only a handful of times due to living so far away but everytime I'm in the area, I make it a point to stop there for some coffee,|,
I had the lamb burger and it was amazing. I had sweet potatoe tots with a marshmallow whipped dipping sauce that was scrumptious... The service was impeccable thanks to our server Carla..I will be back.,|,
I love this place! The beer selection could not be any better and the happy hour is one of the best in Columbus (half-price drafts M-F 4-8? Yes please!).  Monday happy hour has a very delicious $1 grilled cheese! It gets crowded fast, though (since it's so awesome) so come early.,|,
Noodles are amazing value. Rest of the dishes are delicious, especially spicy beef. I ordered the Shanghai noodle soup. 6.95$ and huge portions. This is my third time coming, and I am still satisfied.,|,
Salmon nigiri was very good.  Also enjoyed the various rolls. Will be back to try the other dishes.  Server was alright, thus the 4 star rating.  For the price we were pleasantly satisfied!,|,
Very nice selection and gourmet deli. Beautiful selection and wide variety of wines, beer, cheeses, meat and such a nice selection in the deli. Love to Monica, Allison, Carmen and James.,|,
Yummy yummy. The spicy beef (called something different everywhere I go, but you know what I mean) was incredibly flavorful. I wasn't too keen on the yellow lentils, which are normally mild but had maybe cinnamon or something in them this time. Our waitress didn't wait for us to ask for more injera and immediately brought it over, which was great.,|,
Few places stand out this much. Food was superb, I had a pickled egg, the beet salad, and then the trout, and all were just spectacular. Maybe I caught the kitchen on a really good night, but to find dishes so balanced and carefully prepared at a pub around Boston is really rare in my experience.   Packed place, fun bar ambience, food that really stood out. Not standard disappointing pub fare at all. Just solid.,|,
Really enjoy Yoi Yoi.  High quality sushi - the Rock n Roll is my absolute fav.  If you are feeling hibachi, the house fried rice is a great deal for the amount of food.  The lady who runs it is really nice as well.,|,
Unique combinations paired with fairly edgy idea's.  While there's some polish left to add on this one I think its a timely concept and hope it blossoms and matures fully.,|,
Small portions and overpriced for what they offer. Our party tried a variety of their dishes including their german pancake, biscuits/gravy, and breakfast burrito. Food tastes alright but it's nothing special and it definitely doesn't justify the price. I cant help but feel a little underwhelmed when i pay $60 + tip and everyone is still feeling hungry. Would not go back unless there is a dramatic change in price.,|,
Give this little unassuming place a try today. The menu's got a decent share of items, and I must say I've not had better migas anywhere else. Extremely nice staff to top it up. It might just be my new favorite breakfast place in Austin.,|,
The food was great .. we had breakfast... the service needs some work...  we had to ask for everything ... hopefully the waitress was just new    Gave it a second try. Service is crap. Will not go back,|,
The place is good and the staff is always friendly and helpful! Never had any problem with mold and always found what I was looking for. I can either walk or drive, and the second parking lot behind the store is always a plus! Aisles are a bit confusing, but other than that, its a great place to shop.,|,
973 is a great place to catch a brew and watch your favorite Boston Sports team. Between the HUGE projection TV, the solid beer list, and then good food you really cannot go wrong. I've checked it out quite a few time with friends, and i'm confident in saying we will all continue to do so.  In short, it's not much of a date place, that is unless your date likes sports in which case, pull up a bar stool order some wings and enjoy the monster projection TV that is such a big part of 973,|,
Good food for the price, the russian style soup is so good  it finished in two minutes (that's why the bowl is empty), they carry hong kong style cafe.  P.S. must try their honey lemonade!   * important notice:  you will get very bad customer service with the owner, a 50 something age man with glasses.  You got charge if ask anything extra ! :-),|,
I love this place.  I am always on the lookout for new, innovative cuisine and this is the place.  How many restaurants serve marinated okra?  That is innovative.  We enjoyed the shellfish sampler and the lobster tacos appetizer.  The tortellini entree, the shrimp and grits, as well as the chicken and dumplings were all outstanding.  The wine-by-the-glass selection is incredible.  The menu changes monthly and I can not wait to go back.,|,
I hate to kick a local business but this was the worst slice downtown out of all of them. Granted, I haven't been there in quite a while so it might have changed by now but I remember the cheese tasting cheep and being very oily. The crust seemed very limp like it wasn't cooked long enough but I could be wrong.,|,
I stopped in here for a slice and a beer. The decor is nice. A lot nicer than most pizza places. The restaurant was clean. My server Gabby was fantastic.  My beer never stayed empty and my pizza was delicous.  I'm not a fan of hot pizza, so I ordered a couple of cheese slices, warm. A lot of places always mess that simple request up.  Not these guys!   Did I mention that their wings are... forgettaboutit. Top notch.  If you are nearby do yourself a favor and visit this joint.,|,
Thanks yelp community for leading me to this place.  I had oxtail last night and serving was huge. Yet the food was so good I finished them all. The menu is pretty long, gotta come back to try the rest. Eatonville now has a serious competitor. :-),|,
Decent little place, nothing special.  Food was decent, service was good but then we were the only table in the place so I would expect the service to be good.  One dish was slightly under cooked, the other was fine.  Restaurant was clean, nice view from tables in the front.  Waitress was very friendly.,|,
Just ordered a large meat lovers pizza and bread sticks. Both were really delicious. Probably the best pizza I have had around here. The employees on the phone were very courteous and so was the delivery driver. I will definitely be ordering from here again.,|,
If you love to cook with herbs and spices, this is the place for you!  The seasoning blends are terrific and they have a great hot chocolate mix. Try mixing the seasoning blends together and use your imagination. Some of my favorites; Sandwhich Sprinkle, Northwoods and Fox Point blends. If you like cinnamon, try the Vietnamese Cassia - nice.  A great source for adding taste to your cooking without the added fat.,|,
Beautiful hotel and great location! After check in a gentleman came up to assist us with our bags. There's restaurants, bars and a convention center which are all very convenient. The rooms are clean, pool is beautiful and they even have a small tv in the bathroom (haha) not needed but nice to have.,|,
portions are enormous, so this place is great for sharing dishes. food was tasty and good, but not over-the-top amazing. My future sister-in-laws pasta dish was not warm, so it was clear it was sitting out and waiting before she was served.   I've been to the Papa Razzi in Chestnut Hill which seemed a bit better.   This place isn't bad, but if you're looking for solid, wonderful pasta dishes, go to Boston's Little Italy,|,
Great food and great service. The food was on point if you are searching for some authentic French quarter/New Orleans food. Don't be scared to enjoy the food with some wine.,|,
yum, yum, yum.  great, fast food.  love this place.  benedicts are spot on and everything else is delicious too.,|,
Great location - just a quick walk from a number of T stations as well as the North End (Little Italy) and the Fanuiel Hall Marketplace. The hotel is comfortable and goes the extra step with nice perks like the evening wine (& snack) reception, hot beverage service & their fantastic animal print robes. The staff is super-friendly.  I would stay here again the next time I'm in the city and I'm sold on the Kimpton group of hotels.,|,
The food was okay but the service was crappy. I wasn't even finished with my food when they gave us the bill. When I asked to takeout my strawberry shake, because I couldn't finish it, they gave me a rude reply and handed me a plastic cup. I rather spend my money somewhere else.,|,
Really great health group! Very knowledgeable folks-Acupuncture treatments are very effective and herbal formulas as well as patents can be prescribed. My family and I have received much help with various issues thru the years. I've been seeing Allen Cline at Turtle Dragon for 6 yrs. now, some of my family, for longer than that . The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly as well.,|,
2 stars are literally for the queso...what is crazy is I just went last week when they first opened and was very impressed with the tostadas, romaine letter and the cheese was not finely shredded..I go back today and no exaggeration it looked like Taco Bell's tostada. Cheap lettuce and cheese,|,
You know this bar would be awesome if they didn't have that huge door guy Craig who sexually harasses women and then constantly harasses them when they turn down his advances. Don't expect the owner to do much about it either. Honestly the bar staff and some of the shows they play is the only thing worth going for at the risk of having a run in with that disgusting door guy. Good luck ladies.,|,
It's great! I found out about it on FotoFood - Boston's Facebook page (facebook.com/pages/FotoF...) after they posted a picture of food from the restaurant. It was GREAT. The wait staff was a little slow, and one woman was rude, but overall, it was a good experience, food-wise.   I'd recommend.,|,
So East Dedham Nails is has a new owner and the new name is TopCoat Crew. The family is from Wellsely and let me tell you they must think East Dedham is a sister town of Wellsely. I got a gel manicure and it was $41 . $41 where most places around here charge $25-30 and my mani did not come out any different than any of those places.,|,
we hadn't been to cup and saucer in some time, and wanted to return...like returning home again...so cozy and friendly. we began with a pbr and flying saucer cocktail. next i had the veggie burger and salad, and my partner had eggs florentine, plus a ginger buckwheat pancake with real maple syrup. everything was delicious and the server was wonderful.,|,
Good place to get your simple cheese pizza or pizza house Greek salad, or toasted Italian sub. Your neighborhood basic pizza place. I like it.  Good Italian sub. They make it how I like it!,|,
To be clear, they just moved, they're not closed. They are now located on SE Belmont.,|,
Second time here. The first time was fun at happy hour. My friends and I had a few drinks and it was a good time. Until my friend became to drunk and they kicked us out which is fine..... But they double charged my other friend on his card.   Second time.... We show up after work. It was busy but not over the top. We just wanted food and drinks. Drinks, good. Food, not so much. menu isn't descriptive, nachos have 7/11 cheese and the burger meat taste like I got McDonald's.,|,
Karen is great!!! she's efficient and fast. I have told all of my friends about this place and the wonderful work she does,|,
SEE was truly fantastic. I haven't bought glasses in a very long time, and the process couldn't have been easier. Joe helped me (who was fabulous!) - I had a new pair on order in no time that I was really excited about. Highly recommended.,|,
Seriously a damn. good. sammich. I had the Croquet-Madam sans the ham and was blown away.  I thought I had lived until I tried out BCK.  I will go back...today-as a matter of fact, and try the Build Your Own option.  It wasn't a thin grilled cheese either, it was seriously packed full of cheese, egg and flavor.  I seriously couldn't shut up about how solid this grilled cheese was for a good week.,|,
Surprised not as many reviews, this is a pretty cute shop along Commercial.  aren't they all? ;)  Sports Bar may be pushing it with some tv's, but more like a sandwich/soup joint, less than 15 seats but great sandwiches.  go for their club or Turk...and their soup is made fresh daily.  and of course, you can never go wrong w/ Italian espresso or americano.  just a different pace than going to typical Starbucks or Blenz.,|,
Came here to stay for a night with my wife. Ended up going down to get some pizza from the little pizza shop that they have and it was really good!! For the price and quality I have nothing but compliments! Mama Meko delivers the finest pizza around!,|,
Best Pizza in Town! I love that I can cook it at home when I am ready to eat. We have friends over often and it makes hosting a breeze. We can put a pizza in the oven as people get hungry and have fresh pizza through out the night.,|,
I just got my hair washed cut and dried by Lauren. She did an amazing job love my new hair style.At firat I was sceptical about layers, I have really cury hair so she cut my hair with layers to help with the volume. She was really sweet, and explained what she was doing very well.,|,
This place is great casual dinning.  They offer a great variety of comfort southern food. Everything taste fresh and delicious. The service is quick and some what friendly . The Mac and cheese is delicious, the chicken tenders are melt in your mouth juicy, the biscuits are super buttery.   Bathrooms are also always clean and the staff does a great job of keeping the dinning areas completely clean.,|,
We always say we're not coming back and we do. Since my burger is spicy (and good) and my drink has been empty for 15 min (so have my kids)I have some time. This place is so badly managed during peak hours. Do your self a favor and go to port orange location. Bummed.,|,
Very friendly staff and delicious coffee in a cozy setting. And the sausage/egg/cheese on an everything bagel... nommmm,|,
Herrell's is famous, but I'm never overly-impressed. It's good ice cream, yes, but it's not "OHMYGODTHISISTHEGREATESTICECREAMEVER" good. Their toppings are rather decadent (as you'd expect) and service good. Worth stopping in, but don't think that this is going to be the greatest ice cream experience of your life.,|,
Meat-market galore...and no, it has nothing to do with the ribs and wings.,|,
I got my hair cut by Rae this week and she did an amazing job! It's been a while since I had a cut and I showed her an idea of what I wanted and she totally nailed it. I'll definitely be back and will be recommending this salon to all of my friends. I thought it was super affordable and felt really comfortable there.,|,
Food was great. I had the Lobster Mac n Cheese ...perfectly full of lobster. Another person with me had the French Onion Soup and it was amazing ...best I've ever had. All 4 of us enjoyed the food, ambiance and history of the place. Would have gone back had we had time.,|,
I'm from Arizona, this place is truly amazing... Not a lot selection off beer, but who cares the sirloin tips are to die for.. The pizza has so much flavor.. The crust is crisp and yummmmy!!!! Oh and the waitress Gina is super awesome.. ;-),|,
Last weekend I took my daughter to Sunday Brunch and the bloody mary was absolutely fantastic and the food was SO SO GOOD.  The outdoor seating was a nice added bonus.  The indoor aquarium is so nice!,|,
Love everything about this place! Food, atmosphere and service. Empanadas and duck wings are my favorites.,|,
This once lackluster cafe has face-lifted themselves to ultimate hipster bistro. Super large patio. Awesome teas and coffees. Large beer selection on tap. Used to come here for the breakfast tacos (still large and amazing) but their newly extended menus contains some superb burgers served on a perfectly buttered wheat bun. Great for Sunday afternoons.,|,
I used to love this place!! I would come from Pasco Washington just eat here sometimes. I haven't been here in about a year. Did they sell this restaurant? Service was rude, and pretty much non existent.. they don't have their super hot chili oil anymore either.. we were a table of 8 we only got 4 waters when we asked for more they seemed so bothered. Asked for forks.. never got them.. I won't be back.,|,
Pleasant and fast service. I had the Spider Maki and the chef definitely put a lot of thought into it. Server was attentive and fast as well.,|,
Nice (extra long) bar to go to watch the game. They probably have twenty TVs, each with a different game on. The food is pretty good: great apps to have while watching the game.  The restaurant is nice as well.  Try the Thai wings. The staff is ALWAYS very courteous, professional, and nice. From what they say, Marriott (this is who owns this company) treats their employees really well so that the employees will treat their customers well.  Fun place!,|,
Probably the best Korean restaurant around town.  Definitely get their tofu stew like kimchi jigae, and their pajun pancake.  It was pretty good!  The only downside to this place is that they don't do Korean BBQ.,|,
This place is exactly what Portland needed in a waterfront restaurant! Thanks Michael for everything from your incredible customer service and the wine selections and the food! This place "gets it" and that is all we can hope for. Nothing like riding your bike and stoping for a bottle of Rose on a beautiful day!!! Well done and we will be back!,|,
Best place in portland to stay..tony..and all her staff rocks! We stay here every week and are treated so very good!!!,|,
This hotel was great for the price and distance. The bed was clean, bathroom was clean, and they have a breakfast buffet for $6.99 which was delicious! The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the phone did not work. The place is literally less than 5 minutes away from all the Disney parks. I would definitely recommend this place if you want to save money and are visiting the parks!,|,
Every time I visit Boston, I will go to Mala Restaurant. Coming from California where has lots of great Chinese restaurants, I am still impressed by Mala for its authentic food! Spicy while tasty, their food is big and delicious. We oredered hot dry pot and it came in a hug bowl. The only part that might need to be  improves is its space. Given its popularity, we felt a bit crowded. Other than that, it is definitely a great and authentic Chinese Restaurant. Highly Recommend!,|,
FULL DISCLOSURE: I worked here. But I can attest that they used quality ingredients and really offer some of the healthiest vegan baked goods in town, while still being tremendously delicious. Everyone there is passionate about what they do and about delivering a quality product. Great little bakery!,|,
So many delicious items to choose from in the hot and cold salad bar. While it is true the prices have gone up, the quality of the food is well worth it. The lines may seem long but your food is usually ready in a reasonable amount of time. Their renovated downstairs seating area is good for larger groups or for a nice quiet place to sit on your own.,|,
Food is good, I recommend you split your meal it is massive, coffee is hot, and the staff is friendly.  This is the kind of place my Dad would have loved. Nothing worth driving across town for but I wouldn't turn my nose up at this place.,|,
Very good tasty food!!! Nothing more to say. I will return soon. I have eaten here 3 times the past few months and the food is the best.,|,
Incredible roast beef. It's up there with Beachmont Roast Beef and Royal Roast Beef for the best out there. If you know good roast beef, you know what a good sandwich is. Easy location off of the Revere Beach Blue Line stop. Only negative is that there is a sketchy crowd that hangs out there at times, but they are harmless most of the time.,|,
I like the vibe and feel in here; waitresses know what they're doing, good service at the bar, food is great.  What's not to like?  Have been sat next to a famous Hollywood name at the bar, it definitely carries that kinda feel.  Unfortunately, also carries those kinda prices.  Overall, thumbs up.,|,
Went there tonight with a big group of friends.  The food and service was impeccable! Would highly highly recommend,|,
amazing cocktails and menu. perfect place for any date.  a little higher priced than i would expect but it's very high quality so maybe it's justified.,|,
Got the #6 savory crepe for $10.50, it tasted more like a chinese burrito in a crepe form, very rich, but still very very good,|,
I don't eat here regularly although it's just a 5 min. walk from where I live.  I came here when I first moved to Waltham and I had the steak tip salad.  The iceberg lettuce just didn't go well with the overly charred steak tips.  It was so disappointing.  I would reccommend getting a standard pizza or something of that variety because I hear Cappy's can get that right.,|,
They have the best pepperoni pizza I have ever had in my life!! Flavorful, just enough amount of every ingredient, and the crispy crust is the best! I almost ate the whole small pizza by myself.(I'm a girl who weighs 110lbs)  Fast friendly service and awesome-tasting food. The turkey wrap is also fresh and juicy!,|,
Tasty but not earth-shattering fried chicken. The meat is nice and juicy but the tasty batter could be a little thicker and crispier.,|,
Nice hotel. Staff was excellent and our two rooms were extra clean and well appointed (one was a corner suite). Stayed 2 nights, used the valet and their shuttle service while we were there. Onyx was a great spot for the wife and I to relax with a drink and look out over the garden.  Found a reasonable rate from a Deal site online as well.,|,
Y'all are great!!! :) so happy to have such a unique spot with great food close by! Y'alls wings rock- all of them! And the pizza has always been fabulous!! Staff is so friendly and attentive!! We visit often and each time it's a great experience! Thank you!,|,
Like BU students?   Who doesn't.  Like them packed to the rafters on a cold night drinking and partying all night?  yeah, me too.    You don't come for the service or the food (trust me). but for happy hour onwards, just what you need. Every sport on every TV, cheap beers, great music, people having fun.,|,
Had a canceled flight and was running low on juice and battery life for my eleaf so I decided to visit these guys. Being from out of town I didn't know what to expect. They hooked me up with a free USB charger! And then took the time to try and match my favorite juice from my local shop. Did not disappoint. Anyway, I highly recommend this place; nice chill atmosphere, lots of juice to choose from and a good amount of tanks, mods, etc. from what I saw.,|,
Meh. I've experienced better.   I met up with two old friends at Myers + Chang and was really excited to catch up and share some food.  The catching up happened.  And it was a blast.  But one of us paid 6 dollars for 3 dumplings.  And they weren't spectacular.  I myself paid four dollars per steamed bun (about four bites.  It was a dollar a bite!).  It was expensive.  And honestly, the food did not live up to the price.   I do not plan on returning.,|,
I LOVE going into Forty Winks! No matter the kind of bra I'm looking for, these ladies are always ready to help & very knowledgeable.  They understand all body types are different & not all bras (or boobs) are created equal.   Looking for a specific size or colour? They'll special order ANYTHING you need. I'll keep coming back over & over, they keep me (and my girls) happy.,|,
This place is awesome! You get FREE samples of coke products from around the world.  And as many as you want! There really is not much you can get for free anymore, especially at Disney World so I take it where I can get it.  Try it out. There is also a bunch of cool coke products to buy too.  If I had room in my luggage I would have bought a lot.,|,
I ordered the Pad Ke Mao + Thai Iced Tea w/ Boba for under $10. The food cart is located next to another Thai, and I think this one is better. My dish was a generous portion considering the cost of only $6! I recommend if you are hungry for some Thai food and wondering if this food cart is worth it. Staff was really friendly.,|,
Really good I'm from southern Cali came to work for 2 months and it's comparable to Boiling Crab minus the 2 hour wait . Season wise it needs to be less oily but for being in Portland and not that close to the ocean it's pretty damn good . Will definitely come here again if I stay here that long . This place reminds me of home .,|,
Moved to Portland with my husband's job and had no idea where to go for a new stylist. I read a few good Yelp reviews which led me to Mod, so I wanted to write my own. Shelby is wonderful! So friendly and really really knowledgeable and good at what she does! I trust her very much to make the right decisions for my hair type (fine and straight). Really feel that she has my best interest at heart. Go see Shelby!,|,
I LOVE this place.   Adorable inside, great social environment to mill around and meet people, and AWESOME food.   I had the tri-tip sandwich, and also the Au Jus sandwich...both highly recommended.   Also: make sure to check out Do-Over in the summers. SUCH an awesome outdoor dance party!,|,
Good food and friendly staff. Makes you forget you're on the bottom of an office building in Tucker. Hot food, cold drinks. Big TV's to watch sports. Table or barside...stage for live music and dancing. Pool table in the back. I will be back when I visit.,|,
Just a really great, welcoming vibe every time I come in here. Everyone is always super friendly and very helpful. I love love love this store!!!!,|,
Cool hotel, and right next to MIT as well as a T station. Nice lobby for a cookie cutter chain hotel, and the room was on the small side but really comfortable.,|,
They have average southern food but I love their drinks. They have unique drink pitchers that we tried and they were pretty good. Good place to just chill with friends,|,
Really loved this place. Not too overpriced and great frapps. They have an awesome granola mix too. Friendly people, plenty of plugs for electronics, comfy seating and a great patio!,|,
This hotel was a gem ! It was clean, friendly staff and a convenient place near restaurants and attractions. The price we paid was unbelievable for a nice hotel. I only paid 65 per night. The pools were clean and heated 24 hrs a day ! My kids loved swimming at night after a long day at Disney World. We will stay here again when we go back to Orlando.,|,
I have eaten here many times. Usually when I eat in the restaurant the service is great.  The two times I ate in the bar area at a table the service is slow to start but once they actually come to say hello to you get there attention otherwise before hand it's like your not there.,|,
This is the place to go when your flight is delayed at Terminal B. Hoof it over there quick as there are a limited number of tables. Really the only food option in terminal B if you are on Virginamerica.  Favorites  Steamed Shrimp Wontons with Seaweed Salad. Always puts me in a better mood. Now Discontinued. Hope they bring it back.   Lobster Roll - Legal does a a great lobster roll. Toasted buttered bun with a ton of lobster.  Spicy gumbo - good,|,
I've been coming to SK since the early 90's (yes, I am old) when a BF of mine worked there. The place is as consistant as the day is long! GREAT falafel, awesome baba, great hummus, and the baklava is heavenly! Add cheap prices and open late and you've got a solid winner! I make the trek to SK from suburbia as often as I can, even though the BF is no longer!  I love Shawarma King!,|,
Came here tonight with friends, all of us from San Diego.  We've been here for the last week, and this is easily the best meal we've had. Service was spot on.  Not one thing went wrong.  Go here for good food... Simple as that.,|,
I visited this location a few months ago and was not a fan. However, today I decided to try again and really enjoyed my "skinny" Carmel macchiato. The coffee shop is apparently under new management.,|,
I miss this place with all of my stomach.  Friendly and prompt service, and AMAZING chips and salsa.  I heard that it closed because of the owner's health, best wishes to the family...but I'm still hoping they will re-open in the future!,|,
Decent food. Very tiny restaurant. Kind of takes a long time for food to come out, but I think it's because there are only ever two people working. Maybe a husband and wife duo? Still worth a try.,|,
Our favorite fried chicken. :) We visit Gus's at least once a month. Their chicken has a slight kick but nothing too hot. Love the fries, always perfectly seasoned and fresh.  It's usually pretty busy though so sometimes it's better to order to-go before you leave and pick up your food.  If you're dining in, the drinks are a good deal, free refills and you get a souvenir cup to take home.  Love this place, keep making A+ food!,|,
CLAUDIA was amazing, she's like the wawa mama of everyone. So involved and makes sure everyone feels welcomed and that her smoothies and what not are satisfactory. She deserves to own this place tbh. Love her.,|,
This place is amazing! The people working here go above and beyond to provide you with a great experience and the donuts are out of this world! It's a must when you're visiting Portland, and yes, thy are better than Voodoo Donuts.,|,
Went several times,used to like it, BUT recently the sauce became too watery, just not enough flavor.  Disappointed, hesitate to go again,  hope there will be some improvement.,|,
Excellent burgers, but I don't care for triple fried French fries, a bit to crunchy for me.,|,
I got the lunch buffet to go and was quite pleased! Tried a little bit of everything and it was all good. They had chicken Tikka masala, mutton Curry, and a lot of other dishes that I can't remember the name of! The staff was very friendly, will definitely be back.,|,
Only average tasting food, not outstanding, so the higher than average price they charge means it's not worth it.,|,
Sausage and maple waffle and killer espresso. 'Nuff said.,|,
They have snorkel fins whereas Dick's across the street does not.  Excellent selection of snorkel gear and water shoes.  I used the Yelp checkin discount for $10 off.,|,
I love this place. Heather is as sweet as can be, and the shop is both cozy and clean as a whistle. Sunlight streams in through the floor-to-ceiling windows as you relax and rest. It's a treat to come here and be pampered.,|,
If people think that this is good grilled cheese then they must have never made their own at home.    Highly over rated.,|,
One of the better seafood restaurants in the city, certainly the best in the downtown core.  Can get very busy so make a reservation!,|,
This place has some of the best curry for just 5 dollars, and it's pretty generous portions too. My favorites also include the spicy pork burrito, bulgogi taco, and kimchi fries. The spicy pork has a really nice kick to it, the bulgogi beef is by far my favorite taco meat, and the crunch of the fries go perfect with the beef, spicy mayo, and kimchi. The lady at the front is also very sweet and polite.,|,
Quality of the items is good, but the staff is just other-worldly in their rudeness/smugness.,|,
Beyond solid. Sometimes perfect even. Doesn't have Sizzle Pie's super cool bells and whistles, vegan options and fine tuned branding, but just might one up them on the product itself.,|,
One of the few taco trucks that the employees speak English - a plus! The food and prices were both very good.,|,
Great prices and great coffee. I got a Samoa cookie flavor that was delicious. I went on opening day and am excited to see small coffee shops popping up around here.,|,
Hands down the BEST hot pot restaurant around the Boston area.  The lunch prices can't be beat.  The restaurant is big and I've never had to wait.  I've never had a problem with the food, it is always fresh and always prepared correctly.  The service is pretty good, can get slow when it is busy but hey, they are only human.  Only complaint, parking is difficult but I guess that's the case for anything in Boston.,|,
On selection alone, this place gets five stars; the craft beer selection (yeah, that's all I ever look at) is obscene.   On prices though, I gotta call foul. Single beers here sell at an offensive mark-up and that's just downright disrespectful.   The bomber prices seemed about right, but after seeing the prices for single beers, this place had struck a raw nerve with me.   Shop wisely, my friends.,|,
Recommended by an associate for there boil. Although it was quite a few customers, I didn't find it very good. The calamari was superb, but the catfish and chicken were not.,|,
Amazing breakfast for our last morning in Portland. Pear, Nutella and Carmel seasonal waffle for me and my husband got the jalapeño cheese enchiladas ty bacon waffle. Delicious and very filling even in the classic size! We will definitely return if we stay again in charming little Alberta!,|,
Bottom line:  at least 15 - 20% cheaper than Shaw's/Star, even better for many things.  There are nicer Market Baskets in the 'burbs.  This one gets crowded and chaotic if you hit it at the wrong time and you have to think a little more carefully than you do at Shaw's.   But if you buy your food in the Cambridge Somerville area you save big bucks by doing it here.   Lots of stuff, even the produce is the same as they sell at Shaw's.,|,
The staff at La Raine's was great! We couldn't have been all around more happy with the boutique. My future sister in law said yes to the dress here today! Thank you again for everything. By far the best place we came across in Georgia!!!,|,
Still the best pizza in Boston. Stop bitching about the snarly servers, ancient furnishing, and focused menu (and I think cash only policy...I've always paid cash) and enjoy this East Boston treasure. Seriously,|,
Food and atmosphere are equally terrible.  This establishment has gone way downhill and I will not be back.,|,
The O.G. Donut, which is a horchata style glazed donut was one of the best I've had. Lot of flavor and the dough really stood out from other places. The flavor and the quality of dough set them apart from other places. It was $3 for one and upon trying it I felt it was worth that price. They were busy until close as I came in 30 minutes before they closed shop and my donut was still fresh as can be.,|,
This place has gotten to be less of a value and food is disappointing if you do not indulge in the desserts.  Especially, cabbage, greens and green beans were fairly bland in taste.,|,
This is a hole in the wall place with super-spicy food -- it's fantastic! Best items on the menu are the dun dun noodles with chicken and the spicy dumplings (suan la shou chou  -- or something like that :) ) Dinner including a beer will run you $10 - $12 person -- can't be beat!  Afterwards, walk over to the Middle East for some good music.  Note: Mary Chung's is closed on Tuesdays.,|,
There are good greasy burgers and bad greasy burgers, and Mooyah has bad greasy burgers.  They're a mess to eat and you can't get past the massive amounts of grease enough to enjoy the actual food.  I can't help buy feel like I'm walking into a feeding trough for overweight people with no self respect every time I go here.,|,
Looking for a quick tasty sandwich Jimmy Johns is your place.,|,
Been going here for many years. Quality dropped when original owners sold out. Still a decent Chinese restaurant in the area as the line ups are not as bad as during the hey days. Prices are decent and new renovs over last few years makes it a lot cleaner. Service ok. Will go back for sure.,|,
Island burger was fantastic! BBQ+teriyaki=ZOMG Shake, not so much. Fluffy, crispy fries--a little dreamy.  Came via entertainment book, will def be back for tasty burger and fries.,|,
Awesome bloody Mary (I had the cucumber & xxx combo) and very good coffee. Everything else left something to be desired. I got the special Cajun seafood  Benedict. The potatoes were burnt, the eggs were small, and I hardly got any topping. My friend got the Cajun ham bene and the meat was almost flavorless and was super fatty. Wait staff and beverages made our experience there decent. Probably won't go back.,|,
I've been here three times now and the food has been amazing everytime. I havent had any problems with the service. Try the cakes and the fettuccini alfredo! The cake made with penut butter tastes like you are eating Reese's Penut Butter icing. Awesome! The only thing that's negative is that there isnt enough parking but we try to get there early.,|,
Wow!!! What a different place than it used to be, love the changes.  Beer selection has to be one of the best in town, they have 16 handles and everyone them are awesome!  I had the supplication a sour beer from Russian River, it was so so good!!!  They have a suthern menu so I tried their gumbo, loved it.  The bartender said sushi is also available from next door if I don't feel like suthern food. Can't wait to try it.,|,
I was in town for a few days for work. Stopped by for drinks and a bite to eat.  Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Chicken and waffle app was good. Could've use a little more syrup. Nothing spectacular but it was solid. I went for the beet salad and it did not disappoint. Perfectly prepared and beautiful on the plate. I would come back over and over just for that.,|,
Shrimp toast (I have seen it mentioned in every other review as well), fantastic cocktails, and great dark ambience. The food was amazing, and fairly priced.  Better than any cocktail venue I have been to in my hometown of Minneapolis. I may just have to go back for seconds before returning home...,|,
Wonderful stop on a drive from Oregon to California,|,
Absolutely fabulous and so good. The service is outstanding and the servers are very attentive to your needs and spice requirements. The decor is very nice and the guacamole made at the table is very tasty. I would highly recommend the iron skillet tacos and the roasted corn. For dessert the Tres Leches is extremely satisfying.,|,
Food was pretty good -- the portions were decent.  Overall, not a place that I would go to again.,|,
Consistently great coffee and fantastic atmosphere. Such a gem in the heart of the city. Their desserts are not as good as their coffee and coffee is a lot pricier than the other chains like Starbucks but its a nice treat to have good coffee on the weekends. Service is also top notch and almost always, there is a line of people waiting for a decent caffeine hit.,|,
Good selection, pompous staff. I want to return the things I bought here just to support another business with more personable associates. When will charisma and charm to be cool again? Down with crotchety elitists!,|,
Love this place! Great meat selection. Everything you can think of. Fast service, even took my meat out to the car! We go here all the time.,|,
Bought 4 small dessert cakes /slices , some sandwiches and some madeleines for a bday picnic. Every cake was a hit! Especially the lemon. The Madeline was a bit dry but the sandwiches were great. Would definitely return for the cakes and sandwiches. Worth the calories and the price.,|,
Suprising not terrible. Generally don't eat at restaurants with liquor in the name but we were tired. Food was actually quite nice. Better then a cheapo, much better then some horrible chain but not as good as a high end place.  Margaritas were, well as you might expect, but the staff was very nice and there was a nice Latino band playing.,|,
An amazing menu of Vegan tacos. Sometimes their wait can be a little long, but they have a great atmosphere of outdoor seating. Between good chats & provided games, time spent here is only enhanced by the anticipation of truly heavenly tacos.,|,
I've been eating here since I was in middle school. The cheeseburgers are delicious, roast beef better than Kelly's and friendly service. Always happy to eat here whenever I'm around.,|,
Terrible terrible terrible food and service!!! This is my most terrible restaurant experience in this area. I have no idea how they got four star on Yelp. This leads me to doubt the credit of Yelp.,|,
The price was a bit much for the quality of the food. It was good overall though. Heads up- the crab cake club is cold crab meat...,|,
This place is a little hard to see from the street, but it's pretty cool. Thry have a little area to sit and eat in the shade. We keep coming back for the fried Brussels Sprouts, so good!,|,
After a VERY bad first experience when this opened, we decided to give it one more try. Wow...everything has changed for the better! They have cleaned house on the rude bartenders that provided terrible service. Thanks to Jenn the server and Mike the Manager, the service was fantastic. I am glad we gave it a 2nd chance because we'll definitely be going back. If you visited when they first opened, it's nothing like it was...,|,
Love the new brew pub menu and fun local decor!!! The restaurant feels a lot more comfortable with casual collages of local college and high school athletes. It feels like a local pub but has the consistency of a chain restaurant. I had the penne with chicken  and a bowl of french onion soup. My son ordered the chicken tenders and enjoyed his ice cream sundae for dessert. Our service was great and we will be back again!,|,
Tried this place for the first time. They have been open for a few months and are definitely earning their place in downtown. Great affordable Korean Fusion quick and fresh made food. Yall need to check this place out and try their Bulgogi dishes.,|,
Food is ok, seemed like too many veggies and not enough protein.  After the extra rice charge, a small lunch was $9...which is too high!!,|,
Amazing as always. Pizza wonderful . A true must try!!! Anyone giving less than 5stars has zero concept of good food,|,
Love all the explosive flavors in one little bowl.   Got to have at least once a month ! Very friendly and super nutritious.   Add their little spice to the bowl and  you've got yourself a go to lunch.,|,
The place is a bit loud as we were shouting at each other. Service was very attentive and the food a bit of a rare find! We did two entrees, a scotch egg, and dessert for $70 including tax and tip. The hangar steak was tender and seasoned well. The sunday roast chicken was delicious with the fantastic gravy. And the chips. The chips are some of the best I've had. Will be back!,|,
Oof, after eating there, I am stuffed and about to enter a food coma. The food is great, and the service is fast. Also, something that made me happy was that the combination thali barely cost more than the other dishes. The one really nice thing for the moment is that no one else seems to realize this restaurant exists. As a result, you're practically guaranteed a table.,|,
Really great food and service. The most striking feature is the avocado margarita which you can get a generous sample of if you're a noob. The service is always fantastic. The last time the waiter brought us a plate of all 9 possible sauce choices. If you're feeling mexican, leave the home depot parking lot and come eat here.,|,
Legit food. Definitely going back. Avocado salmon toast was the bomb, and the specialty drinks were also superb.,|,
This has the feel of a total tourist trap. The service was nothing to rave about and the food was bland, especially for the price.   Boston has so much more to offer. Save yourself the trip and go somewhere else.,|,
it's good middle eastern restaurant. substantially more space than the location on grand.  food is the same. humus is amazingly good.. well made. big fan of their version of the side salad.. love their tahini dressing. overall.. really good food! some of the stuff is pricey some is well priced.. keeping in mind that the portions are huge and that you'll be either stuffed or taking food home. mezza platters are fun.. their actual menu .. i despise.. confusing to browse..,|,
Don't go if you're not one of the known people. I was watching the giants game sitting at a high top  4 th quarter and the manager just changes the game and doesn't even bother to ask who is watching it.,|,
The ambience alone is worth a visit.  You can find places like this all over the South, but they are rare West of the Mississippi.  But the lines are long whenever I've gone, so I haven't been for a while.  The homemade ketchup is yummy.  Greens are tasty. Coffee is good.,|,
Chicken was very tasty but for the money really wasn't with it. The portion I received on a take out order was very small. I ordered a half chicken and they must forgot half no white meat was included. Collard greens were tasteless and a very small number of fries. I'm not sure I would go back.,|,
Great chips and salsa, and really good margaritas! I had a quesadilla that was decent and the overall atmosphere was cool.,|,
Been meaning to try this place as it's on my way home from work and just a little cheaper than the place I normally go to on broadway. I did a walk-in for shellac manicure and I've gotta say it was a pretty pleasant experience! My only complaint? Not a very wide selection of colours. But the staff is very kind and friendly and they did a great job on my nails.,|,
Happy hour 7 days a week from 4 to 6. The monkey brain blew my mind and was HUGE for $5?! Seriously,  go for happy hour. Also the chef seems cool as fuck and I want to party with him.,|,
This is our go to place for proper hummus. The gyros are great and the pizzas are delicious. I recommend everything on the menu. The staff is friendly and the environment is comfortable and pretty. It's a nice cozy dinner spot to get your Mediterranean fixes satisfied.,|,
Food was ok. Expectation was very high considering reviews, but all that cold windy travel went in vain. Dumplings were overcooked and thukpa taste merely like a soup. Honestly campbell soup tastes better than that. Server didn't even ask if we liked the food. May be she wasn't even confident about food coming out of her kitchen.  Food was ok but reviews and the food price tag in menu was making me expect a lot. The place is overrated in Yelp.,|,
On several occasions I have been transferred to the owner Kris Kratsas for questions I have had on my large orders and every time is amazes me how rude and stuck up he can be I have never seen a company care so little about their costumers. Sweet has lost my business and so many others. **STAY AWAY**  A FEW ALTERNATIVES  Georgetown Cupcake Lulu's Sweet Shoppe Crumbs Bake Shop Cupcake City Cupcakes On Centre,|,
They have fantastic views of Boston, the bar has a great selection and the service was friendly. They have a wonderful outdoor deck, but the inside seating has great views as well, with sliding glass doors and lots of glass. The food was excellent!!,|,
Love my haircut by Bailie and color by Jay. Both are professional, thorough, creative and talented!  They both took time to listen to what I wanted and answered any questions.   The salon itself is inviting and upbeat.  The whole staff was very positive and supportive of each other.,|,
I had the BBQ Bacon Burger and my husband had the Thanksgiving burger. We shared onion rings and fries. The burgers were delicious. Juicy and loaded. The onion rings were great, very thin sliced and crispy. Fries were fries. I gave 3 stars bc the burgers were on the small side and the floors were dirty, littered with food and napkins..and the tabletops were sticky.,|,
Oh wow, as splash of class an Southern Hospitality. This lounge has one of the best bars in the entire state of Georgia.,|,
The folks at Non La provided the food for our company Holiday party this year and it was fabulous!  The food was delivered on time and hot and it was delicious.  The price for everything that we ordered was beyond reasonable.  Our group of 20 was never so quiet as they were once that food was delivered!  Oh, and the Pho?  Out of this world good!  Thanks Theresa, Kevin, Christina and the rest of the gang for making our party so great!,|,
Best kept Thai secret in SS! Low key and quiet with delicious food and good service. Shhhh.....don't tell anyone :),|,
Went with my boyfriend and we enjoyed it. We ordered the edemame hummus with wonton crisps. We thought it was different but we enjoyed it. We ordered sushi and sashimi and liked it, too. The staff was friendly and the ambience was good. It was a little slow but, again, we were not in any hurry.,|,
Won't be going here again. Our server was really nice but the food was tasteless (both salad and main entree). To top it off, the staff turned the music off 45 min before the place closed and started eating at the table next to ours. Turned out to be a really awkward experience so we quickly finished our food and left......with 90 less bucks. Oh and for those of you who like low lighting, this place was pretty bright so don't go here for a romantic date.,|,
This location makes an OK latte, but it's nothing to write home about. I think the barista has a lot to do with how good your coffee will be, and at this location, it was a miss for me. That being said, Artigiano is still better than Starbucks!,|,
First time eating here and it was decent. We ordered some wine, mussels, paella, and a toastie. They were nice enough to customize the paella to accommodate food allergies. Everything was really good.  At the end however the service became slow. We had a hard time getting the servers attention to get our check.,|,
Delicious! The ladies running the food trailer are super sweet also. "The standard" with sweet potatoes and goat cheese is awesome.,|,
The food at Figs is always interesting and delicious. Sometimes the furniture is a little bit run down. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Boston and I think going out to Charlestown is part of the fun. Not a bad place for people watching.,|,
Love this place! Manis/pedis/shellac/acrylic/nail art it's all great! Thanks TRISH for my amazing mani!,|,
Not a bad divey karaoke bar with a decent menu and a good selection of beers on tap. The night I was there they had a color wheel at the bar, where the color you landed on (red, green, etc) was mixed with Long Island mixers for $4.50. Pool tables galore, dart boards and a diverse crowd who came out to karaoke  made this a fun evening.,|,
don't get the hype..  not very traditional chinese dishes nor are they very tasty.  may go try again some day but for now, not impressed.,|,
The best fish tacos I had in Austin, and I tried about 8 different places.  Highly recommend.,|,
May I begin by saying what a fine establishment this is! The sandwiches are unmatched anywhere in Austin. The atmosphere is so relaxing and a true Austin establishment. Definitely one of my favorite places to grab a bite.,|,
Delicious meal! We had the chicken sandwich and ordered a side of mac n cheese...yum!,|,
One of the Oldest BBQ joints in Cobb County. I can remember this when I was a teenager and Nothing has changed!!!!  I wished we could get Georgia BBQ in California. The open pit puts out some tasty food!!!! What can you say the severe is among the friendliest, the food hasn't changed one bit and is some of my favorite BBQ!!! Hopefully it never changes and stays open forever.,|,
Okay, so their speciality is chicken and they knock this out of the park. Tender, juicy and seasoning are just right. Quite affordable especially if your group bundle together and order off the family meals section.  If you're a fan of Nando's then you should give this a whirl as you might be pleasantly surprised or even find a new favourite.,|,
Excellent! We were told by an Imagineer that the fresh cookie ice cream sandwiches were the way to go, and man was he right! SO MUCH ice cream and the cookies were amazing. My fiance and I shared it and almost couldn't finish it all.  My mother in law had the kids cone which had two cute chocolate mickey ears on it. Overall this is a slam dunk.,|,
We had called ahead for a reservation becuase there was 20 of us, they called and confirmed the reservation that day and we had no wait.  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this seafood buffet!  We never had to wait for a lobster!  Crab legs were plentiful, a bit over cooked at times but the majority were perfect! The kids had enough food to satisfy them as well.  The manager was great, he checked on us, and then thanked us personally on the way out the door!,|,
This place is absolutely beautiful and always hustling and bustling with visitors. They usually have gorgeous exhibits and have fun thing for the season in the fall. Absolutely love coming here! Definitely worth the trip, check their exhibits on their website!,|,
First time today at Snow City with my 4 year old grandson. We loved watching the ice cream get rolled, and there was enough for both of us. He chose three toppings: rainbow sprinkles, M&M's, and Gummy bears. I ate around them!,|,
This place always have long lineup.  The Cons: Long lineup No parking  Pros: Food is quick Good service Price is standard inline with all sushi places Clean washroom  The food i have to say I am leaning toward 3.5 stars. Nothing too special. and is very similar to other sushi places like Sushi Town, Nanaimo Sushi etc.   Decor is very bright white. So when you walk in you get this freshness feeling. Not a very romantic place to be that's for sure.,|,
Big dad with Mac n cheese. I was fooled by the pics they had for the big dad. The sand which presentation looked like just two breads & small amount of meat hidden inside. Mac was a bit tasteless. Felt like Elementary cafeteria food in all.,|,
My favorite breakfast place!  Their food is really good and fresh. The service is always fast and courteous. Even when there is a wait it's not that long. Well worth the time and money.,|,
I found my desk here as well as some super cool depression era glassware.  Always friendly staff and air conditioning works well.,|,
This place is awesome! It has a great atmosphere and the food is some of the most delicious I've had...EVER. The menu is authentic, the drinks are great, and my server, SAM, was very knowledgable and helpful. Everything about this place is on point.,|,
The best oyster selection in the city - fresh and chilled to perfection.  The service is always perfect and the food is always prepared to perfection. This is a perfect place for a small get-together as it is not too loud or overwhelming.  Lovely.,|,
I am never going back there.  First, the lady attending the store is very rude and unfriendly.  Not worth the trip.  They have very little to offer.  I go to England, so, I will not miss anything!  This place was just recommended to me and, so, I thought, I would give it a try!  Terrible place!!!!!,|,
this place didn't live up to my expectations but their pizza did. $5 for a beer is ridiculous and your better off ordering a whole pizza rather then a slice. the name drew me in but frankly you could go up and down 6th st  for this kind of pizza and service,|,
Healthy and unreal flavours. A+++ dining experience,|,
I went to Milano on Monday as a walk in and Ozzy took me right away. I had very long, but very damaged hair. I was nervous about cutting off the 4 inches that had to go. Ozzy put me at ease and gave me a gorgeous cut. He blew it straight and I looked fabulous. The style stayed for 3 days before it was time for a wash. The true test of any hair cut is how it looks when you style it yourself. It looks just as cute in waves as it did straight. Thanks Ozzy and Andy for a great hair experience.,|,
If you plan on doing your wedding registry here, ask for Mary! She was awesome, helpful, and made the whole process fun!,|,
I won't come here again, the atmosphere is different. Can't blame the waitstaff, it's obviously the kitchen staff that need more structure or CLEANING! The food was horrible. We ordered fried pickles and the pickles were soaked in what looked like dirty grease .  They were not crispy. The mango chili chicken had no flavor. The broccoli was brown and so was the avocado.,|,
Fried chicken.. Greens, candied Yams,  macaroni and cheese... To die for..  Was the Bomb,|,
This sweet shop has unexpected items for self and home. I especially love the handmade jewelry and prints! The wares are extremely polished, understated and just flat-out beautiful.   There's also a well-stocked area for terrarium building and plants. I haven't yet fully explored this part of the store, but I already know I'll head straight here when I finally get up the courage to deck my apartment with foliage.,|,
I live three blocks from here and have gained 9 lbs since moving here 3 months ago. Coincidence? I think not. The staff is also very friendly. Honestly the best meatballs within 25 miles (that I have tasted and I have tasted many),|,
Great, reliable spot in a convenient location. Reasonable prices and consistent service. The menu is big enough to find something whatever mood you're in and small enough to not seem intimidating.,|,
Jaho has Great selection of coffee and the ambiance of the place is great to get work done. Will made my latte perfectly and topped it off with a beautiful heart. Stopping here for a coffee is definitely a must.,|,
What a good burger with a modern, casual atmosphere. We ordered at the counter and had our food in 10 minutes. The Front Porch and Lockhart Legend burgers were fantastic. The kid burger was just the right size and they offer apples with it too! Loved the toasted buns!,|,
Out of all the food trucks in this area, and of all the ones that serve gyros I had to choose this one. SO disappointing. I got the lamb gyro and the meat was definitely pre-sliced from a loaf of some kind. The tomatoes were overripe and the tzatziki was just okay. The only saving grace was the pita. Service was slow.,|,
They have a lottery ticket scanner and keno monitor.  And good selection of scratch-offs.  Unfortunately, the super small parking lot only has 6 spaces, and they run out of Sunday papers too early.  And, occasionally there are sketchy people loitering in the lot (probably because it's not the greatest neighborhood).,|,
this is a hidden gem - truly! went in for British night and had a grand old time! admission is free to residents, so that's a nice perk - thank you PEM!   museum has some really great exhibits. it's well-kept and perfect for families, those on dates or a one man wolf pack.   they also have a nice courtyard for outdoor dining.,|,
Found a dead ant in my double bacon cheeseburger - was it better it was dead or  cause for more worry?,|,
I recently ate here while visiting Vancouver for a friend's birthday weekend. The food and service was excellent. I had the short rib fricasse (highly recommended by the waiter) and the avocado toast. There wasn't a crumb left! On a side note the place seemed to be very popular with people lining up for a table before they opened at 9am. I would suggest getting in line no later than 8:30am if you want to be included in the first seating.,|,
Best pho in Oregon hands down! Always enjoy a bowl of lean brisket soup and their salad rolls are delishes!,|,
Great experience last night.  Food was excellent as usual.  Place was packed, but the service was still good.  Had a filet with potatoes, crab cake, and bread pudding.  Yes - leftovers today.,|,
Went for drink and snacks. Had a nice selection of beers on draft. Drafts were about 6 bucks, no specials when I went. Had the fried Brie. Not really what I expected. It was equivalent to a heavily breaded mozz stick. Not much Brie flavor. There also wasn't much sauce for dipping.  The place is new so will definitely try it again.,|,
I have always loved First Watch. Portions are tiny, but it is flavorful with lots of healthy options.,|,
Just ate at a party catered by City Barbecue. I'm a vegetarian and I was pretty happy with my options.,|,
When you call this place they put you indefinitely on hold. What a service and good luck calling them. I called to inquire about tired fir my car after being in hold for 30 min I had to go.,|,
If you want a quick bite, these places are great. Our order took less than 4 minutes to arrive (not a busy time). No, it's no burger boutique, but the burgers are tasty (try the Royale), the shakes are authentic, and the chili cheese fries are solid. It's a simple, kinda-greasy spoon that'd I take over McDonald's any day for a burger.  If you're considering Waffle House-type fare, you might like this place.  There are always coupons available in the mail.,|,
Got some fresh frames and lenses and really enjoyed the experience. Tons to choose from including some awesome independent brands. What could have been an overwhelming experience was made easy. I can be picky to a fault, but they stuck with me and guided me to some specs I'm really excited about. Have to wait a few days since my choice had some custom options but totally worth it. Highly recommend.,|,
A spicy experience that deserve few visits. A hidden gem in Atlanta. A culinary must for food lovers that worth the drive. Great for kids and nice portions. Try the Sambusa as appetizer.,|,
Great food. The menu is set up like cafertia style. Pick your sides and choose your variety of meat. Great friendly start. Love the outdoor seating area.,|,
Tasty, but over priced for what little food we received. The soup and cheese appetizer was so small we had to hold back giggling. We felt like we were in a Portlandia skit.  Left hungry and underwhelmed. Highlights were the cookie, service and ambiance.,|,
I lost my phone. I didn't have insurance. I shouldn't be shamed for it.  I felt that I wasn't being listen too and as though I wasn't even there. I did not have a good experience. Ended up not getting a phone and walking out.,|,
Having had take out from here three/four times I'm yet to have anything that warrants more than two/three stars... having eaten at many Szechuan restaurants/take outs across the GVA, the food from Wah Wing can best be described as sloppily put together food made from poor quality ingredients. Won't be back after tonight's shoddy offering.,|,
Veggie dumplings are so good!!! So is the almond milk bubble tea! Delivery was a bit long, so only 4 stars but otherwise great!,|,
The best part about this experience is that they have an outdoor patio, and ample indoor study tables. Coffee drinks and food are mediocre.  Update: they have over 10 employees, all female and only one who is Latina.  9+ are white. Guess who gets to buss tables and wash dishes all alone? Yep. Three white girls delivery plates but never lift an empty plate. I've been here awhile and it's pretty obvious the imbalance of power based on skin color. This is sick.,|,
Had the salmon gyro and it was delicious. Very fair prices for what you get (a generous serving).,|,
The Wine Bistro is a fantastic place! Filled with great wine selections, an eclectic menu of delicious food, and a friendly and courteous staff. We have been regulars there for a long time (even in it's previous incarnation) and enjoy it every time.,|,
Good food and great prices. Huge portions. Good services also. Will come back. I ordered grill shrimp with noddles and a thai tea. My hubby ordered cube beef with rice and spring rolls. Everything was delicious.,|,
YUMMY!!!  I usually  ale my own sandwich vs. ordering one from the board, but have done so as well.  ALWAYS delicious.  The sides are always great too and it's hard to choose which one I want sometimes.  They are a little pricey, but well worth it.  It's definitely cheaper than the other deli (also good too) in the neighborhood.,|,
New, clean location with lots of parking. Very convenient. The staff was great, the food was very good and plenty of seating. Why not 5 stars?  There is NO pizza buffet like I had come to expect at Pizza Hut locations.  Also, we were told they do not accept any online specials or deals. To me this means it competes with other sit down pizza places and it is not as good as Ones nearby.  Had takeout and delivery available.,|,
Hidden gem! Japanese breakfast and not only place.  Found this place when was looking for breakfast! Now I'm hooked! Breakfast is amazing with a large variety of options  and not only that, they have Japanese dishes as well.  Eclectic menu with the standard dishes you can expect, but with their own twist.  They also sell alcohol, they have smoothies and really good coffee and matcha green tea.  Amazing place!,|,
Amazing! We were visiting Atlanta from Florida and whenever we travel, we love to check out local coffee places. Octane did not disappoint. My lattes were fantastic and my husband's pour overs were phenomenal. Service was friendly and helpful. The pastries and granola bowls from the Little Tart were also great. We will definitely return on our next trip to Atlanta.,|,
Wow, great vegetarian Ramen in Beaverton. Caveat, we've only tried vegetarian items here. Love the spicy Ramen, noodles and broth have  nice umami flavor. To make the ramen spicy they have a special spicy sauce you can add to your liking, The first time, I ate 2 little bowls (of spicy sauce), but on repeat visits its was spicier and only needed one.  The ramen bowl is quite a meal and very satisfying! It can be busy at expected times, and rightly so.,|,
I ate here while on business travel.  I loved the food.  The stuffed eggplant was fantastic.  The cabbage rolls were good. service was fantastic.  The waitress was attentive, knowledgable about the menu and sensitive to the customers needs.,|,
I'm not crazy about this place, but it's closer to a 4 than a 3.    PRO: It's modern. Very cool venue: I really like the look and the atmosphere of the place.  From the interior design to the tableware, modern modern modern.   CON: It's modern. It's not for the sushi 'purist': Half of the signature sushi menu has cream cheese in it.  IMO, cream cheese in sushi is no bueno.  I've had the chirashi, volcano roll, and spicy tuna roll here.  They were all pretty good!,|,
Best Bloody Mary ever, bison burger never disappoints and atmosphere is like your neighborhood Cheers. Doesn't get much better,|,
I have got massages from several different people at Elements Massage and all of my massages have been great! I had hip suregery a January and have had back pain after and getting a massage I always feel rejuvinated and my pain goes away. Being a memeber and having one massage every month has been great and highly recomend it,|,
The Parlor Room seemed promising, the decor is nice, if lacking some personality. Wait staff did a good job. We got the fried chicken, which was very salty and overseasoned. We also got the Bahn Mi sandwich, which was fine, but the fries were also powerfully seasoned. It's too bad, we were hopeful about this place.,|,
This is where you go in Allston if you don't want the packed dance scene. They have a great selection of beers and are often last to have a line, which isn't a bad thing. They have a ton of pool tables and areas to sit down. It's really cool being on the second floor and looking onto the street at your fellow AB neighbors out having a good time.,|,
It's so great to have a place like this in Lake Oswego! They had an awesome selection of taps and bottles. Great service and atmosphere!!,|,
I booked a last minute massage on a Friday afternoon and was able to get in to see Patrick just a couple hours later.  The location is clean, calm, and relatively quiet (especially considering it is right near Haymarket). Patrick used a great deep pressure and found a multitude of knots to unwind in my back.  Definitely recommend the place!,|,
This place is everything you hope for when visiting Boston. The wait time wasn't that long on a Friday night even though it was packed, the service was very friendly and the food! Their clam chowder has to be the best I've ever tasted, we were tempted to buy another to go. The shepherds pie was also very tasty. Will definitely return again before we leave Mass.,|,
I had the Fish it was very good. Really liked this place. Our waiter was fun and offered a ton of suggestions. Large menu and a lot of TV's everywhere you look you can find a tv. Great location.,|,
There is always a wait here, but it is worth it. Especially if you can get a seat outside in the fall/spring. I love the sandwiches here, so many options and they are all super fresh and filling. A great (somewhat) healthier alternative around the commons.,|,
I made a same day appointment for after work. I was greeted immediately when I walked in, and selected my color for a shellac manicure. The woman who performed my manicure was very gentle, polite, and kept the small talk to a minimum (which I really appreciated.) Very fast, in and out, and I am happy overall. Will definitely be back.,|,
Always come here for their mochi! They have many unique flavors and they are Bubbies hawaiian mochi. They are the BEST! $13.50 for a 12-pack.   When I went they had Pistachio, Green Tea, Mango, Chocolate coconut, Red bean, Lychee, Chocolate Mint, Raspberry White Chocolate, Cherry Blossom, Tiramisu...should have taken a pictures. That's all I remember.,|,
Description of awesomeness: If I go here anymore...  1. I'd go broke 2. I'd be a fat vegan 3. I'd die of happiness,|,
Yes yes and more yes to this place! Spicy means  spicy !!!! Had the pad woo sen and was very happy  the parking situation was not great, but the food comes out so quick !!,|,
A little bit of a wait, but the food was well worth it! I had the pork with red beans, yellow rice, and plantains. It was amazing! My boyfriend had the same but with yuca, the sauce on the yuca was soooo good! We were too full for dessert.,|,
This office expo has a lot of used office furniture. Prices aren't so bad but I compared the prices to new office furniture.  Very good quality I must add, so that balances out what you would end up paying. I seen many pieces that I could use and will be back for. I will also refer a few friends here that usually go to yard sales etc for office chairs and desks.  loo,|,
Decent place very close to MIT.  They have a very good lunch menu, so that is when my friends and I usually go.  Our favorite dish is the fish fillet with spicy bean sauce.  This dish is so good that very often, all of us decide to get it, making the waiters somewhat confused about why we don't want to share a few different dishes.  Some other highlights include eggplant basil, the string bean dish, and beef Hunan.  The Kung Pao Chicken is okay, but I have had better.,|,
Great location downtown and an awesome little refurbished warehouse feel to the bar out back. I just wish they'd had a more expansive selection for their happy hour beers. Pretty limited. The beers I had were pretty good, though.,|,
LOVE! WESS is my fav shop in Portland, offering unique brands from all over the world. I can always count on finding a great piece there that I won't see everyone else wearing around town.  The owners impeccable taste and playful spirit is reflected in the space.  Its also been a great destination for gifts and some fun jewelry.  Definitely worth checking out!,|,
If you want some real authentic Mexican food come here!!!   We had an awesome time and the food was absolutely amazing.  I highly recommend,|,
"This is the only pizza we eat - it is awesome! We usually have it delivered - which is fast! - but eating in the restaurant and trying the meatballs, Alfredo sauce...oh my!!",|,
This is a great spot hidden away in Fairview slopes. Beatiful building, great ambience, great coffee!,|,
Really nice place, the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about their food and beer. The bar opens up to the outside for a nice breeze in the after noon. I'll defiantly come back. I had the Open Faced Tenderloin Steak for dinner, it was was EXCELLENT. A really nice blend of flavors, by far the best bar food I've had in a long time.,|,
Service can be slow since this place is so big. The food is not the greatest (is any on international drive?) but its not bad; our items were fine. Prices are affordable.,|,
Fantastic Mexico City style cuisine. Trust me, I'm from Mexico City and this style is not easy to find, or imitate.,|,
i went in for an annual eye exam. Service was timely and friendly Dr Yip was friendly and made me feel confident. He explained the entire process and suggested processes to promote healthy eyes, after the exam.  I liked the experience,|,
I no longer like the GAP.  I don't like having to use a changing room with young girls giggling changing next door.   I don't like the style of clothes there or their prices.  It's rare to find anything I like here anymore.  The store itself is fine.  If you're a Gap fan, you'll like it.,|,
Love love love this place - real old school Italian bakery with a wonderful selection of traditional cookies, cakes and pastries. They also have gluten-free and dairy-free options, which is pretty cool. My favorites are the ricotta pie, the cannoli, the eclair, and the zeppole - fresh, light, and tasty. I've never had anything that was less than delicious. The next time you need to bring dessert to someone's house, go for the ricotta pie - it's an amazing alternative to cheesecake.,|,
Went there at 3pm on a tuesday it was packed . Had to wait on a seat.  Well we know the recession is not hitting this place. Because.. people were still coming in. I had their infamous fried chicken, collards and mac/cheese.. The portions are kind of skimpy on the sides , but the chicken was plentyful.. The food most of all was delicious .. I will go back if i am on that side of town.,|,
This time also i went on Saturday but i went early & I am satisfy with the service.I always go to the same lady to get the nails done.she did the good job.Try to go to this place before their closing time so you will be satisfy with the services otherwise if you go late you will be not satisfy with the service.It happen with me that's why I am updating a review again.Will be back again.Thank you.,|,
This place is great. Very heathy and yummy. The staff was very polite. The store was very clean. I look forward to eating here every week. The variety and presentation of the food was beautiful. I love that they ask everyone to reframe from using cell phones. That's certainly makes the atmosphere so much nicer. There are no loud annoying people talking on the phone.,|,
My daughter's new favorite gluten-free pizza in town. Really appreciate their knowledge and sensitivity re gluten concerns.,|,
Order through UberEATS. They sent the wrong order and called to say they were redelivering it. 2 1/2 hours later I was still waiting. Despite the manager insisting they were coming, they have not.,|,
Great coffee ,fast friendly staff and prices are very responsible. Best place to begin your day ,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!,|,
Finally got to try this place the other night and it's going to be hard for me to stay away. The whole menu had me salivating, but I finally decided on the As Gouda As It Gets. Needless to say, it was an excellent choice. I love that their grilled cheese is hearty and satisfying, but not greasy. You can tell the ingredients are quality and fresh! The truffle rosemary fries are EVERYTHING...fresh rosemary sprigs thrown right in there. Can't wait to make my way through the rest of the menu.,|,
Good food! Prices are reasonable given the location. We ordered the breakfast sandwiches and weren't disappointed.,|,
Been wanting some good ramen soup. Everything was fresh and flavorful that we had with the exception of the Kimchee. Didn't taste freshly made. There's a traditional Japanese table where you sit in the floor with your footwear off. Place looked somewhat clean and felt comfortable.  Military discount? Yes, but for the active duty member only. Not their spouse or dependents, Boo! Will I come back here again if I am in the area? Maybe.,|,
Doesn't look like much from outside, but nice atmosphere inside.  Free bread w balsamic and olive oil  I had the musaka and it was quite tasty.  The salad that came with it was very good as well.  My wife had a soup, she liked it, but I thought it was nothing special.  Overall a good find and will probably be back again when I need some authentic Greek.,|,
A wonderful microbrewery with amazing beers.  The thing that keeps me coming g back is how hospitable the staff is and the amount of energy they expend to making you feel at home.,|,
Great Bubble tea place. Came here with co-workers after a work lunch and was very happy with the decision. The large selection and ability to customize was great, like extra tapioca and less ice. I especially thought the customer service was exceptional. I would highly recommend going and trying it for yourself.,|,
Must try the spicy Russian Ruben it is amazingly great. Amazing Rubens!   All their food is cooked to order how you like it and they are very personal and friendly. Must check out even if it is out of your way!,|,
Decent portions, but I found the food (chicken teriyaki) very blah. Recently started working in the area and I don't think I'll be back here for lunch. Maybe some of the other items are better, but any teriyaki place is going to have their chicken teriyaki be the item half of the people order... and the fact it wasn't very good probably doesn't speak highly of the rest of the menu. The staff was very friendly and the place is clean... just wish I liked the food better.,|,
Great casual spot for solid dinner or some evening drinks. Pretty cool atmosphere that feels somewhere between a Houston's and a sports bar.   Very solid prices for very solid food. You can get most anything on the menu for ~$20, and they have an extensive list of starters if you're looking to split a few things with the table while you drink.,|,
First time stopped in and tried there jerk chicken appetizers with coco bread....it was good meat fresh bread soft n warm...than ordered salt fish with calalloo  and it was good with bananas.. actual got full from appetizer. They serve big portions....price is good for some home Jamaican  food...,|,
Really cute and heavily hipster atmosphere. We tried this place late night on Saturday and enjoyed the first visit. You will want to try their swing for sure. Seating space is somewhat limited and no wifi is available, so be aware. This is more like a place for you to enjoy its atmosphere. Drinks were good, though make sure you have enough in your bank account because their drinks are probably not for broke college students.,|,
I've been a big fan of this place for years! I recently saw and learn about their cross contamination. I will no it go back. If you're a vegetarian Maki lover or a vegetarian stay away! You will land up eating fish or meat "oh sorry, mistake" when you strictly order vegetarian rolls.,|,
This is one of my favorite pizza places EVER!!! I would argue it's the best pizza I've ever had...really close tie with Mikey's late night slice. The advantages for hound dogs are their spicy sauce and the garlic sauce they put on their crust. If you go to Columbus for a weekend, I would suggest this as a place to stop if you love pizza like I do!!,|,
I pulled in the parking lot at 8:48 it is definitely not 9pm yet and it's closed....extremely disappointed! Why say that your open until 9 if your not going to stay open until 9, someone else also tried to get in so you lost 2 people's business.,|,
Oh good god. Oh my. Oh. Had the delicious special Lobster Benedict, and it was heaven. Awesome habanero bloody. Great service. Can't wait to return!,|,
Smashburger is a much better version of Red Robin.  Better burgers, better shakes, better fries, better prices, same exact look and vibe of food, casual dining instead of formal dining (and tipping).  If you ever find yourself tempted to go to Red Robin, or your family or friends or coworkers ever suggest Red Robin, please direct them to Smashburger instead.,|,
i feel like i sort of lived here this winter. i'm surprised i didn't have to pitch in for rent or a chore wheel or anything.   really cozy place (it's dark and comfy)... nice to stop in for a beer or a cup of black coffee or both. they have some shows and stuff too, which are always interesting, interesting being the operative word in the past. the people who work here are always super nice. i'm not crazy about their food, but like i said, beer and coffee and you can't go wrong.,|,
Best Joe in Boulder!! Coffee lovers rejoice. Milk steaming perfection with mellow vibe and good news paper selection...free wireless too.   Small double mocha recommend.,|,
Decent food; do not expect any type of good service or you will almost surely be disappointed.,|,
Excellent food, excellent service. If you like Bahn mi or Vietnamese food in general then don't miss out on this gem. The owner works the front and could not be any nicer. He gave us free samples of other food while we scarfed down on the bahn mi (with spicey pork) and noodles with pork. Check this place out and you will not be disappointed.,|,
Wow. I haven't had such awful customer service in a hotel ever. Cancelled my reservation after a flight delay and will not reinstate my stay. Stranding me in Orlando on a business trip? What type of establishment would do that? Not on I'd ever use again!,|,
Basil duck and pineapple fried rice is mind blowing. Online takeout, friendly staff, quick delivery. Can't go wrong here!!,|,
I've been to this place numerous times over the years and haven't been disappointed yet. The Chile Colorado is excellent. It was quick too.   One irritation: the waitress had a habit of dropping bottles in the recycling bin and the kitchen staff was banging a lot of dishes around. It was very distracting -- loud as hell really. Loses a star for that.,|,
I got the Pad Thai and it was absolutely terrible!  It tasteded like noddles covered in hot sauce, but it didn't even have the slightest hint of spice or much flavor for that matter.  I would never go here again!  Beyond disappointed!,|,
Decent food. However, it was too dark to even see what was on the plate. It was also unbearably hot inside. the amount of light and temperature depend on the spot you get, since the shape and size of the room force them to utilize every little corner. Very crowded. Pretty long wait despite reservation. Service was very slow (empty plates sat there for over a half an hour after the meal). Overall, a decent experience. Nothing special however.,|,
Portions and food was amazing but service was crap. Took forever to get a table and only saw the waitress once for our order and once to give the check.. but the food is pretty great for the price.,|,
Went into this place with high hopes but walked out feeling I left hooters with c-rated food. Girls with skimpy booty shorts and crawfish that taste like msg was added. Service topped this off cause there was none. Want real cajun food? Not the place to go.,|,
Nothing that's going to blow you away. The food is good and that's the best part. Recommend for a quick Chinese meal. Haven't had the Pho here, which I can assume is their specialty, but I've heard it's great.,|,
excellent desserts. worth the calories. I desserts were rich and delicious not overly sweet. found the house hot chocolate yummy as well.,|,
Ordered a "pint"of sweet and sour sauce for about 4 dollars and got a very small side of sauce.   General gaus chicken was not good-- like something was wrong with it. (Discolored and didn't taste like chicken)  Delivery took over an hour.   In general, I was overcharged and wish I could get a refund.,|,
Stinky place! Not clean. Dosas are ok.  Bad service. They are served with chutney and sambhar which is not good on taste here, we ordered idli which was hard not fresh at all. We won't be returning to this place.,|,
Delicious food! And amazing drinks-the avocado Margarita is an all time favorite, (even there alcohol-free avocado drinks are amazing, so far as I'm concerned)!! Just a couple miles south of downtown and a third of a mile from South Congress, Curra's is also in a great part of town!,|,
Baja shrimp ceviche should say bay shrimp ceviche Beef shank tender -cherry sauce too tart for me - distracted from flavor Crab cakes ok but expensive Service friendly View of river great,|,
As a visitor from Phoenix, I tend to always include a visit to Uchiko when in Austin. We enjoyed a fantastic atmosphere, interesting people, and wonderful service. Our outing was superbly managed by Katie and we had a very rememberable experience.   One improvement would be to have higher quality lighting to display all of the wonderful food.,|,
Great shop! Well organized, large selection, and good quality. The prices are a little high. The only thing I wish they had which they didn't were scarfs for big and tall guys. Their scarfs were average size with one being slightly longer. For guys over 6ft and bigger men these just look silly. Please add this to your selection for next winter!,|,
Loved it! Located in a nice place in Dr Phillips. Ordered the philly stake croissant with eggs and it was delicious!,|,
Please please PLEASE get someone to handle customers at the hostess desk. Time and time again I have to wait to be seated and worse yet, wait to pay for my meal. You would think at peak lunch hours there would be someone to get you in a table. Nope. Not here.  Painful.,|,
Ask for Peter! He's amazing! Also, order the Totzilla and  ask for queso and extra jalapeños.,|,
what a gem on congress.  I love the exposed brick and lanterns - perfect setting for hanging out with friends, sipping on a cocktail and enjoying some great jazz.  we were there for happy hour on friday.  great little band, no cover, cheap drinks.  The only negative is the ppl smoking.  We were only there for about an hour for a drink before dinner but I could see the smoke bothering me had we stayed all night.,|,
We were looking for a new breakfast place to try and came across Sanborn's.  What a fun find!  The menu was great, so much variety with unique options.  The pancake selection was awesome!  Beside eating a break breakfast, the service was friendly and quick.  The location was great, street parking was pretty easy to find.   We are a fan!,|,
The food was alright (solid) and our waiter was nice. The kitchen is tiny so your food will take forever. This is not a quick brunch spot.   The decor was nice and there's great paintings around but their organization is lacking. I had to ask for water, forks, napkins, etc.  Overall it wasn't a bad place but beware because they definitely have areas of improvement.   Ordered French toast, eggs Benedict and two lattes= approx. $45 w/ tip.,|,
Got a Groupon with my mother for massage, facial, and manicure. Manicurist called out due to child care issues, massage therapist was late, and facial was so so. We won't be going back!,|,
If you've never had real authentic Ethiopian food, you would say that this is good . However, if you have then you know that this is crap starting with the restaurant décor down to the food.  This is not good and I will check out other Ethiopian restaurants around the city.  Don't waste your time or money too commercial !,|,
The food is really good, service is pretty solid and the price point is fair. The location is slightly difficult to get to, if you're going south on Semoran. You may need to make the u-turn at the light or drive down the beat up road in the back. Parking is okay if the place isn't packed.   Definitely recommend this as an authentic Colombian restaurant and look for the Bandeja Paisa!,|,
Great food:  The decor is BEAUTIFUL and the live music really set the mood.  The whole atmosphere is relaxing.  The service was just a little slow, but not too bad.,|,
A great place to visit when you need to drink a raspberry mocha, eat a slice of calorie-laden cake, and thrill your compatriots with your music production skills. Choose the seat by the pastry case for a good time.  After you've caffeinated yourself properly, it's fun to take a few laps around the turnabout.,|,
That bartender with the curly mustache is one sexy ass mothafucka. Seriously, it's worth the trip just to see him in all his glory. Oh, the beer is fantastic too. But not as fantastic as that mustache-faced, godlike figure.,|,
I just checked out about an hour ago and thought all should know that not only was the hotel great but the manager on duty Sunday morning was awsome as he went out if his way to visit and make sure our stay had been enjoyable.,|,
We have been enjoying takeout from this branch of Qdoba since it opened and enjoy their burritos with BBQ sauce.  At our visit today, they only offered chili sauce, which was truly awful.  It is bitter and extremely strong. I threw my burrito in the trash.  Won't be ordering a burrito with sauce again at this store.  The food here is generally ok, but inconsistent.  Sometimes the burritos are large, and other times the fillings are sparse.  Often, students appear to be working the counter.,|,
Have frequented this restaurant for a few years.  What was once consistently good food and friendly service has turned into a crap shoot over the last several months.  I contacted the Clackamas County health department after my last visit, which by the way, was my last visit.,|,
We tried the brown bag a few weeks ago while in Columbus. We just weren't impressed, unfortunately. They do offer a variety of organic, healthy options....but we weren't impressed with the quality of our sandwiches, plus the place was way overpriced. It was $31 for 2 sandwiches, one small bag of chips and two cans of soda. The parking was also a nightmare.,|,
My second sushi experience was at sushi Land in Tualatin. I found the sushi to be tasty, and much less expensive than high end sushi restaurants such as Sinju. Their pricing is easy to understand and the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. I recently moved and one of the first places I went when I cam back to town was Sushi Land.,|,
So trying to find decent dim sum in the middle of the tourist parts of Orlando is honestly extremely difficult. Ming court was the only option,  and it was for the lack of a better term decent. They won't wow you with any of their dishes, but Ming court will provide you with the classics. I think they have a great opportunity to really establish themselves as orlando's go too dim sum spot. All they need is to update their menu and maybe tweak some recipes!,|,
Best happy hour food wise ever, and it doesn't end.  Quail, frita misto, clams, spaghetti and meatballs.  Hearty faire.  Even the bread and olive oil balsamic is worth the 2 bucks.  I ordered the flank steak off the small plates menu and wholly mother of god no knife needed for 9 bucks.  Waiters have been here forever, they always seem a bit flippant, but who cares you are there to devour.,|,
Amazing.  I drove by and asked the hotel clerk if it would be a good choice for dinner.  He approved so I thought I would take a chance.  They are known for their brick oven pizza.  I decided to try their Carpaccio.  It was amazing.  So tender and the ceasar salad was the perfect compliment to the flavor of the meat.  I then had their fish of the day which was perfectly prepared.  An amazing meal.,|,
The best guacamole I've had in Boston. Great drinks, always strong and delicious. I've come here once for dinner and once for drinks/guacamole, and both times I loved it.   The first time I came here, for dinner, the manager came over to greet us and was very friendly. The guacamole was taking a while because the guy making it had a few tables to go to before ours, so the manager came over and apologized and said it was on her. We didn't even notice it  was taking a while. Great service,|,
Stylist was Dana, she said she was new and she seemed sweet and friendly but she didn't listen to what I wanted, on top of that she made racist remarks about African Americans! I left completely unhappy and will never return! I had to go to a different salon so they could tone my hair! The salon physically was actually nice and clean and comfy but I would not recommend this place.,|,
Don't get your haircut by Chelsea - she hardly cut my hair at all.  I asked for layers to build volume - she hardly cut anything, then put product in my hair to "create volume" - I don't use product in my hair ever.  Total waste of $50 - my hair looked the same when I left as when I walked in.,|,
Best pizza in the west rox/Rozzie area by far. Get your pie well done. Veggie topping are good, as is the meatball. Very moderate prices on the pizza. Watch out on Friday nights around dinner time there will be a line. Don't order the wings, big mistake.,|,
Loved it. Was nice to duck in after the Brewers fest and get away from the heat and hordes of people. Was lucky enough to stop in during the buoy tap takeover and had a flight; also had some tacos. A friend told me about this place and he was spot on suggesting it. Nice music playin, nice list of drinks and even nicer people. The goonies were playin in the background as well. I'll be back to take up space and have a drink.,|,
The restaurant is nice. I've been to the South Congress location a few times and the north location once. The SC location always has an insane, down-the-block, super slow line. Every single time I've ever been there or driven by. And their veggie burgers are good but not great - there are a lot of sprouts in them so they don't hold together at all and are pretty difficult to eat.  The milkshakes are awesome though.,|,
A nice cozy place we can walk to with a super nice staff, great beer selection, nice wines and fun cocktails!  Their pizzas are funky, savory and sinfully delicious and the appetizers are along the same great lines.  We are so happy to have this near us and will be back again and again.  Also loving the price point, good and interesting food that is not overly expensive!,|,
had a cup of "SMALL" coffe and apple tart bill came to over $8.00. Called back the next day, not for money, but just curious. The man on the phone said tha apple tart was $5.75 OMG, I know real estate  & baking is expensive but that is just insulting.,|,
Love this store .... my Lithuanian friend took me there and after having the meat pirozki, I became a regular .... delicious !!!! I've tried other foods, soup was good too.  Staff is friendly, nice selection of items .... specially the chocolates and Russian ice creams. I am originally from Brazil and I enjoy trying foods from different countries. This place is definitely worth trying ....,|,
Bought 7 medium pies today for lunch at one of my customers. AWESOME! One of the guys there had already had pizza from here before and raved about it. I have to agree with him. Great pizza, nice people. Next time I'm in Titusville, I'll be returning,|,
Got takeout pizza. I really like that they let you go halfsies on the pizza at no additional charge. We really enjoyed it. It was hard to pick a pizza because so many combinations sounded good. We chose Fra Diavolo salami picante, flor di latte, calabrase pepper  Mailona pepperoni, spicy Italian sausage, hot capicola, mozzarella, calabrese pepper,|,
Yumm. Definitely the authentic taste I was looking for today! Very picky about carne asada & they met my standards,|,
I've stopped by several times and the consistency is on point! The service rocks, the food is amazing and I always know what I am going to get....goodness far beyond my breakfast skill level!!,|,
Its easy to order way too much at this place because everything looks fantastic. The cangrejo crab empenada and fried green tomatoes were for sure my favorites and you really need to try an arepa.   The service is great and the price is right, ill be back again real soon.,|,
Came for the oysters. It was blue point oysters. Didnt taste fresh at all So was kinda disappointed. The tenderloin tartar was awesome doe,|,
Service was good for a busy Sunday. Seating space was cramped with our party of 5. I tried the Red, white and blue salad (half) and was happy with it.,|,
The meat platter is excellent. I ordered it take out as my hubby wasn't feeling well and was craving for some BBQ meat. The packaging was excellent, plus, it was walking distance from my place.  Overall, the food is very tasty and you get huge portion. I will be coming back for more.,|,
aldo our server was excellent. very attentive and on point. we came to celebrate my bestfriend birthday and she loved it   Signed Renee Long,|,
A nice little shop with coffee and snacks. I was impressed with their local section particularly. A great storefront in the historic downtown.,|,
The perfect summer cool down treat. Somehow this delicious shaved ice leaves you refreshed without that thick sugar/need water after taste.  We were in Austin for the weekend and had to stop back for a second time. Half the fun is trying a bunch of flavors.   Orange cream, mangoberry, strawberry lemonade were all favorites.   I know that from here on out on a summer day, I will be wishing I could have this.,|,
Its nice to have a simple, home made and delicious ice cream store on the neighbourhood.  Although I cannot stand the line ups, you annoy expect anything different when you have a great product. I try to only go on nice days (or at least no raining) so that I am not getting wet while waiting!,|,
I don't like the closeness to the road or the east side vibe in general, but that IS THE ONLY NEGATIVE TO El Tio Chicken(pollo). Nice and friendly staff, very helpful, and they care about their customers. They gave me free chips so I could sample the salsas to make sure I like one or the other. The wait is as you would expect for a made to order place, but the wait is well with it.,|,
I called today at 3pm to ask how late they are open until for dinner and the guy says "can come in until 10 pm". I show up today at 9:10 pm with my young daughter and there is a closed sign on the door. I knocked and the guy comes and opens the door and says "we're closed". I told him I called him that same afternoon and he said they are open until 10 pm and he just laughed. Never coming back to such an unprofessional place.,|,
Ordered fried chicken dinner. And it came to my house with 3 pieces of chicken on top a bed of fries. I'll stick to kfc next time.,|,
I'm sad I have to give a low review because the pizza is actually pretty good. Very doughy and greasy and cheesy. The service is ridiculously bad. I let it go the first couple times and kept going back, but I won't be going back again. I think it's great that they employ young kids, but they should really train them to be polite. They have the most rude employees I think I've ever encountered. Melrose has so many pizza places. I'll spend my money at one where they aren't rude.,|,
Good food at a reasonable price. Friendly staff too. It is easy to miss it the first time you drive by.,|,
It's a great place. I hope that they can fix the app so I can book an haircut appointment directly like other studio posh in town. Other than that this is a great place.,|,
I really enjoy Farm Burger. Their beef is grass fed, and their chicken burger is delicious, as well. My friends speak highly of the vegan burger (made of quinoa) but I haven't tried it. The burgers, fries, and milkshakes are all very good. They seem to have sped up their service in the last few months - earlier this year it was a bit slow.  The seating isn't the most comfortable and it can become pretty packed - though they are very economical with their space.  Consistently good quality.,|,
The burger was really good. Very tender and cooked just right. My disappointment were with the fries. They were a bit too soggy for me. Also, when you order a coke, you just get a can of coke.,|,
Best service!   Great Food.  Love the Sunday Brunch.  The servers are very attentive and treat you like you're the only person in the place we have made this a regular Sunday hang out,|,
Definitely not fine dining, but great food for the price.  Great salsa and standard Mexican fare.  We go here every couple of weeks at least.,|,
This place only does one thing.. And it does it very well, sandwiches are not huge, but they are good! I come here infrequently.,|,
Based on these reviews and photos I went last Saturday. Reviews and photos are great but even they don't do place justice. INCREDIBLE! Mixed grill is delicious but huge. I ate leftovers for 2 days!,|,
Fun to look. LOTS to look at. But, checkout takes FOREVER! And the $14 of fudge I bought, the lady said would be perfect for 3 weeks unrefrigerated; it's been 4 days and are now little bricks. Little hard bricks of sadness.,|,
miss the train station location.  this is McStarbucks at its worst.  i've become a big Peet's fan.,|,
Tooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good！！！！ authentic middle eastern style food with big plate and not costly,|,
Parking lot full, greeted at  the door. Server quickly greeted us & then downhill. I asked for crispy bacon & I had to send it back. The biscuit was old & hard & crumbled! I figured this diner would always have fresh biscuits. Hubby had to get fresh French fries, his came out cold.,|,
Awesome coffee place great place to hang out with friends great place to hang out all by yourselfThey care about pets they leave the water dish outside when it's super hot for them I appreciate thatThe coffee is amazing also you can get tons of different treats to eat and different types of varieties of coffee and tea drinks and uses always something that you're looking for,|,
Loved the food and loved the service.  Everything was delicious. The water is pretty bad though, so they may want to put a water filter on their water supply. The place was very cute and comfortable. Plenty of parking in the garage behind them. That was free parking by the way. Prices were reasonable.,|,
Great food great service..Rammers a long time..and again..a great cook! Been to this place several times..never disappointed,|,
awesome place... been here like 3 or 4 times now... Fun atmosphere, friendly barstaff and crowd, cheap drinks, decent music, depends on when you go, but I like the place... Allston Villagers, GO HERE... don't waste your money at lame places like The Kells or Tonic...,|,
Everything you need to organize, but with  a Pottery Barn level of customer service.  Outstanding.,|,
Always stay here when I'm in Boston for business. Nice rooms. Decent internet speeds. Unless you want a nice dinner there is nothing to eat on this side of town after 6.,|,
Very kind and chill people work here! They just put you in a good mood, no matter what. :) Also, students get a discount!,|,
I never knew Honey baked made sandwiches until I started working at a local school and the PTSA had an event catered by Honey Baked Ham for the teachers. YUM!   I love the classic ham sandwich and their baked potato salad. It is a great alternative to fast food on colonial...very convenient!    **Tip get their punch card, if you order enough sandwiches, you eventually get a free one!****,|,
Another one of those places where you are paying for the environment. Food was pretty good, ordered the burger and it was cooked well and fairly juicy. Food wasn't overwhelmingly good but the environment was (nbc tv during the olympics always is) electric. Will likely be back.,|,
I LOVE this restaurant! But most of all I love this location the best! The servers here are so sweet! I come here all the time and it is always wonderful! I always get bun, which are vermicelli noodles. The fresh springrolls are good and so are the fried ones, gosh I love this place!,|,
There are literally only two good things about this place: the scallion pancakes and the fact that it's open really late. It's cheap but you can get much better food for a comparable price. Also, chicken and broccoli? More like a fuckton of broccoli swimming in a suspect "brown sauce" with maybe two quarter-sized pieces of squeaky, boiled chicken. Don't do it.,|,
The lavender ice cream is the most delicious thing ever! I feel like it is a bit overpriced for ice cream and you have to stand in a looooooong line (15+ mins on weekends) The service is excellent and they will let you try as many samples as you like before deciding, which could be part of hte reason the line moves so slowly lol. If you can get in on a week day or slow period this place is great!,|,
Had a lunch buffet there. Pretty nice food with a good range of selection. For the price, the food quality is okay, beef and lamb are reasonably fresh. Fish and other seafood comes in small portion, pushing us to write large number on the ordering sheet.  Didn't give 5 star since waitress argued with us over the tip. Common in Chinese restaurants, but definitely a buzz killer.,|,
Tasty Indian food! Would eat here again. Good portions and presentation.  Delicious naan.,|,
this is my favorite spot to study.  It's cozy, relaxed space with comfy seating and great coffee.  It's not the place for a large group, but if you're looking for a more intimate coffee house, stop by summermoon.,|,
Food took almost two hours to arrive. When I called, they just said "sorry we have a new delivery service". When it did arrive, it was stone cold and of course no option to reheat the spring rolls as they were already soggy. Just unacceptable. Formerly regular customers immediately converted into "never again". Avoid.,|,
They never have any open check stands. I always have to use self checkout which gives me issues and then I have to wait forever to get help.,|,
Had the Firecracker Shrimp appetizer as my meal. Really tasty! Good service. Party of six (4 adults 2 kids). Sat right away and Accommodated us by changing the TV to the game of our choice. Prices were in line with the caliber of food. Tavern Burger was a hit too.,|,
Best Chinese in town! Have ordered take out more times then I can count on my hands! Sesame & Honey chicken are the best!,|,
I do love Chipotle. Fast and friendly... This location is never out of guac which really is important. This location is perfect also even no parking in this complex really does suck. My latest Pro tip for Chipotle is asking for my taco shells on the side. See, I love the crunchy taco shells but they always get soggy. So I asked them to put the shelves on the side and basically I get a bowl and tacos!,|,
I guess this one will become one of my must-go-to lists in Austin every time when I am there. Really inspiring food, good service and vibe. I also follow their Instagram and looks like they are creating new food every day!,|,
Cowboy Steak is probably one of the best cuts of meat I have ever experienced. If I don't get it for my dad for Father's Day every year I get scolded.,|,
Super cute spot with really yummy food.  Easy to get a table mid week. Cute ambiance great for a date or family outing. Vaulted ceilings and a vintage touch. I recommend getting a mimosa and any one of their fabulous crepes. Parking is really the only issue.,|,
I went to see Mandy for a basic facial I purchased on Groupon. I have sensitive skin that I try to take care of, and get professional facials every now and then. Shortly after I went in, Mandy had me lie down on a heated bed which really helped ease all the stress that I had accumulated during the day. The facial and neck massage were incredibly relaxing, and the products she used really cleansed and brightened my skin without irritating it. I will definitely be visiting again.,|,
Ok they delivered to the Hampton but they took about an hr. When I open the bag they didn't have napkins or utensils. The food was also bad. The peking ribs were too salty. The egg roll was actually a fried spring roll. The fried rice was plain and unevenly cooked.(lots of white spots) the wonton soup was plain. The only good thing I order from them was the Mongolian beef. The beef was super tender and flavorful.,|,
We made a reservation . on arrival they took 20 minutes to check us in.The room we booked was no longer available for some reason and we didn't find this out until we see that the room has two small beds instead of one large bed. The staff did nothing to correct this problem .the staff all looked very inexperienced and had no customer service .ultimately  the experience sucked don't rent a room here,|,
Good except for the poor service. Checked in for a good meal at half past eight. Orders were taken and then we noticed was that a few items were not available. Instead , we were given another item as an alternative. If this is the way of serving without notifying customer, this is absolutely horrid. Why not say that the item's unavailable instead of giving second rated alternatives?,|,
This used to be one of our favorites, but it has become a "no go" for our family.  Food quality has gone down, but it is honestly the service that has left us totally flabbergasted.  The final straw was going to dinner with friends who have severe food allergy and when he ordered something that included shellfish, the waiter could care less and the manager wouldn't come to the table - sending the hostess over instead.,|,
Fantastic, organic and natural sandwiches and infused waters!  Service was quick, friendly and knowledgeable.  Definitely try the spicy macaroni salad!,|,
I have consistently visited this restaurant for over a year now and have never been let down. Their chicken remains in the upper echelon for seasoning, crunch, and tenderness. The sides are always delicious and the tea is always fresh. The service and staff here are great.,|,
I think I ate the best calzone I ever had in my life hands down! I ordered the wing dings with my order and it was so much food it lasted me a couple days.   Greasy? Yes. Artery clogging? Perhaps.  But soo worth it.,|,
The food was delicious, I had the bacon and spinach skillet, BOMB. The staff is super nice and they have very nice art pieces for sale at very cheap prices. Will definitely return when back in town.,|,
Great food. Love the choices. Great service. Saw what we wanted right away -chicken cordon bleu sandwich &amp; a Grilled Portabella Sandwich. Yum!!!,|,
This was the most awesome restaurant.  The pork was amazing along with the yuca and black beans.  The staff was extremely friendly as well as the manager and chef.   Will definitely be back when I return to Florida.,|,
Dr. Lamalva is fantastic, really knowledgeable, and kind. Her staff is very helpful, nice, and easy-going. Highly recommend!,|,
Not a big fan. They never seem to have the dollar drafts they advertise about. The small dance floor upstairs gets crowded fast,,|,
This is not the place it once was. Service is terrible and food is just okay.  The magic is gone and I don't know why.  After getting our food orders mixed up and then getting the order wrong, it happen two fridays in a round.  We won't go back till there is improvement in the service.  There are just to many other Mexican places to go. Don't settle. I hope things improve. Sorry,|,
Absolutely loved this place. I've now been twice and thoroughly have enjoyed both times. My first time I got the Kale salad. It's warm and is packed with flavor. My second time I got a mojito and the Steak and Sushi. 5 of the 8 of us got the Steak and Sushi and we all agreed on how delicious it was. Lots of flavor, tons of food, and a great variety of taste. Highly recommend it.,|,
Very good pizza at a nice price. The pizza is outstanding. We got the pepperoni with extra cheese. You can tell a lot about a pizza place by their pepperoni. Did not disappoint in the least. The garlic crust was a pleasant surprise. It was like getting garlic bread with the pizza. We got there around 5:30pm and there was no wait at all.,|,
Really good place to eat i would suggest the potato skin pizza it is really good!!!!!!!,|,
Great food and great service! I went to Senor Patron for the first time yesterday (coincidentally it was Margarita Monday)! Margaritas were $3!!! My tab was only $10, but I was treated as though I had spent $100. Good customer service is so hard to find, so I will be making this a regular spot!,|,
Authentic Italian deli and restaurant with gelato and excellent coffee.  Great pizza.  Unbelievable wine list - one of the best in Austin!,|,
The best causa I've ever had. The food is amazing and in a totally unassuming location. You must go here if you like real Peruvian food!,|,
I never post negative reviews but this location is terribly. There's always only one man at the register which means that there is always a wait. I waited 13 minutes in this store just to get a passport photo taken and then I waited an additional 10 minutes just to check out. And the place wasn't even that crowded. Get this guy some help. Please!,|,
Great salads and tortas. We tried the 2 torta options which could be made vegan as well. It was really flavorful. One of them had a refried beans filling and the other one has a potato filling. The carrot habanero salsa was killer! We tried and loved the pina salad. All in all a great place!,|,
Consistent, delicious breakfast served all day! Tasty corned beef hash. Eggs done a perfect easy over. Whole wheat toast perfectly buttered and toasted. Great friendly and efficient service!,|,
Amazing burgers. A bit pricier than fast food but so much better. They have one of the new coke machines which I Love. Don't go there if you have a peanut allergy since there's boxes of them everywhere for you to munch on while you wait. Service is quick.   Decor is sterile white and red but you don't really go there for the ambiance.,|,
Best sandwich in Columbus! Get the club everytime, never get sick of it! Staff is great too!,|,
Pros -  Affordable Location Clean Rooms Friendly Staff Free Wi Fi.   Cons -  Construction. Hotel is going through a remodel.  Parking Lot.  Beds in Queen Suite looked more like a Full.  Elevator   If I knew the construction was complete, I would probably stay here again.,|,
fantastic food, drinks and service.  I have celiac and the waiter was more than helpful.,|,
Nice casual atmosphere and pretty good size so there is never a wait. Excellent food, excellent service, excellent margarita's! Need I say more.,|,
let me start by saying the food is great.   let me finish by saying the costumer service is freaking awful. The person who took the order on the phone actually hung up on me.. "emma's pizza what do you want, click!"  When i called back the woman answering the phone just had no manners!  but other than that experience the food is great. Unfortunately environment is everything to me, so I will not be returning.,|,
Lovely site but breakfast was lacking.  Slow service and very average yoghurt parfait made what should have been a great experience only worth repeating because of the great view.,|,
Amazing find inside an airport! Airport is usually bland and service non-existent. Not so here. This place is a bit pricey, but both food and service are impeccable. Nice wine list, good sushi, and delicious entrees.  This place could easily compete in a major city. Definitely give it a try if looking for a good meal at ATL.,|,
This is a great malaysian restaurant that serves outstanding food. My personal favorite is the pineapple fried rice that is actually served inside the shell of a pineapple. I don't think I've tasted a bad dish over here. What I like about this location is that there is never a line up, and it is not too loud. Quite convenient after an afternoon taking the wife and kids shopping. And finally, the roti is AWESOME.,|,
The food here is epic. I also love the half portions if dinner entrees. Dessert was underwhelming, but I would order anything sauced on the menu and prepare to be wowed.,|,
A house full of people who love pizza but don't like the same toppings means mod pizza is a blessing. Literally every topping I could want, think crust, and a variety of cheeses to make my pizza 100% how I want it. And my kiddo loves picking his very own pizza, so it's a huge win for me as a mom.,|,
Went here for lunch and got the Hawthorne burger and an order of fries. This is one of the best burgers I have ever had. It was amazing. The fries were decent but the burger was definitely better. Next time I would skip the fries and get two different burgers.,|,
Really frustrating experience told 30 mins waited for 120 mins staff would not give us a clear picture of wait time or off an alternative group seating to get us in.  Would have liked any communication or some support rather than an overwhelming sense of "what ever, just wait or leave I really don't care",|,
For most of my life I have been a firm believer that no other city in the US had any descent Mexican food except Chicago.  Or descent tacos to say the least.  My first visit to Austin this past weekend proved me wrong.  Torchy's taco's were fresh, flavorful, and better than many taco's at the Windy City.  I plan on visiting Austin regularly, and the first place I'll be going to when I do will be Torchy's tacos.,|,
Color me impressed! This place is slinging some fresh, tasty food with bold flavors. This isn't your average, watered-down, Americanized Chinese food. Now, the menu will look familiar, but the execution sets it apart. The szechuan beef will be my go-to for a long time. The soup was serviceable but the lunch plate was massive and delicious. I will be back.,|,
Nice selection of plants but FYI, fertilizer is cheaper at Breed & Co.  Also, I found it difficult to get assistance from their staff.,|,
Went here for drinks and bubble waffle.  Ordered the oreo bubble waffle but it didn't taste like anything except the icing sugar on top.  The drinks were ok, a bit pricey. Probably won't come back.,|,
We stopped by here yesterday and loved both the clothing and the service. Great designs that are also available in stores like urban outfitters! Silicon Valley actors wore the standard issue line so you know it's real. A great place to bring people who are out of town so they can pick up some unique pieces,|,
I've been a Rossini's customer for years and here's what I'd like to say..... The food is always consistently good, the staff is always welcoming and upbeat and the service is always friendly and accommodating.  The restaurant is clean and the owner is very particular about fresh ingredients and keeping his customers happy.   It's a great family restaurant and a staple for Concord.  A definite winner for the area!!!!!!!,|,
I liked the logo enough to stop by for breakfast.  It's an ostrich silouette in a circle.  The breakfast sandwich is fab.  They show local artists and have some trinkets for sale like handmade purses and "adult" sockmonkeys ifyaknowhatimean.,|,
I love love love this place! Food is fantastical. Location is cool. Decor is cool. Just a great place! Money well spent..,|,
This is really good place, but waiting is not their strong side. Food is exceptional though. Best waffles in the city definitely, but I would love to have more choices. It is very good place to go once as a tourist, but third time it is not WOW effect already. I would rate it 5 stars after first time, but been there 3 times already make me put only 4. hopefully they will surprise me next time :),|,
So hard to find a good Chinese resturant.  The tea was superb, the food was fresh,hot and decorative. The crispy noodles were fresh and cooked perfectly.  You can definitely tell why this place has been around and loved by locals for 30 yrs. One of orlando's best kept secrets.,|,
YUM!!! I've just discovered this place and I am SO excited!! I love their options for us Veg. lovers and the quantity of food I get! So savory, so YUM!! I'm very much looking forward to trying more of the menu!!!  ... WELL SCRATCH THAT ^  Unfortunately, I found out that the owner of this establishment is extremely disrespectful to her employees. I don't support places like this.   Food's good if you don't care who's making it.,|,
This salon is close to home for me so I decided to try it out. I had a cut with Susan. She listened to my concerns and offered suggestions until we agreed on a length and style. I haven't stopped getting complements on my hair since. The salon is small and has a cozy vibe, treatments are reasonably priced, as are cuts. I will definitely be back. Thanks Susan!,|,
This is just a good all around bar.  It has become a go to for me and some friends to watch the Celtics games, but I would imagine it's good for other sports too.  Just about an ideal place to get some cheap drinks, but they have a respectable beer list too, get cheap apps, and watch a game with friends.  Service can be slow sometimes which is the only real downside I can think of.,|,
John was friendly and nice and they were incredibly helpful and answered my questions, it's an incredibly peaceful kayaking on the Willamette.,|,
Great beer and a great way to start the day at 10 with free beer! Joe was our tour guide and he was great. Although his jokes got better as we drank. Good beer, great atmosphere and the belgin stout was so yummy we bought a growler to go home & of course some shirts!,|,
My favorite bar in Atlanta...probably because I can walk there (and stumble home).  Just a great place to chill with some friends (esp. before and after shows @ the Drunken Unicorn) or get some late night food.,|,
Enjoyed the hat Burger. My Buddy really liked the special Burger, he thought that the spicy saurcrout was great. I enjoyed the shakes as they were flavorful, however they could be a little thicker. The fries were good but I prefer them to be more crispy. When I come back I will order the fries well done, should fix the issue.,|,
Went for a meeting and breakfast and great little place. Plenty a room for a meeting, people are friendly and very comfortable. I really like this place, food is great also. You need to stop by and check it out. Very Austin.,|,
Asked my server for a non-traditional Rye drink.  I Was informed that they can only make manhattans and old fashions. I ordered a Manhattan. Turns out even that was too ambitious. It had dry vermouth and a lime! Could not send it back because We were ignored by wait staff.,|,
This place was great. Staff was incredibly friendly and took care of their guests. Ended up having the rabbit empanada, pickles, fried brownie bites, and fried mussles. Just out of luck the staff served us an order of pork ribs by accident which tasted very good as well. With 4 beers and all the food the meal came to $63 which was not bad. I would encourage you to make a reservation as the place is busy.,|,
What a nice surprise.  The food was good. The shrimp Taco was my go to.  Drinks are reasonable price for the area.  The service was on point and the servers were very attentive. The ambiance was pretty cool.  Music with a great out door patio.  When temp drops the heaters kick in and makes for a comfortable setting.,|,
The window staff was completely rude...I asked for a receipt and she rolled her eyes at me...really.  That is a standard given with any purchase.  I asked for the manager and she was rude to him too...I will not visit this location again.,|,
High prices and super small portions.. Some of their food isnt that good.  I would stick to drinks and appetizers only. quality is good though. their chips and 3 salsas are amazing though.,|,
Good food with a nice view. Happy hour every day 3-7 with $5 stout margaritas which is nice. Not a very versatile kitchen staff though cause they dont offer quesadillas or enchiladas but their tacos were tasty,|,
My wife and I enjoyed our first visit here.  Staff was friendly, food was good, and price was fair.  They have a good drink selection but need dark beer.  Didn't get to hear the band, next trip!,|,
The food was delicious. I got ravioli in pesto alfredo, which was absolutely to die for, and the bread was pretty decent.   Our waitress was really slow. It took her ten minutes to remember to fill my water (after I had asked her). She took my food away without asking if I wanted it wrapped up (which I did). The chairs were also pretty uncomfortable.   Good food. Slow service. If you're okay with a meal being dragged out over 3 hours in not-the-comfiest seating, then this is the place for you.,|,
This place has a GREAT atmosphere and a GREAT selection of food and martinis.  The only real problem is the music is usually too loud to even talk to the person next to you.  Sitting outside can't be beat though!  The staff is always super-friendly, and very attentive!  I just wish I could hear them more easily.,|,
Sometimes I feel bad about giving bad reviews but this place is rough.  First of all, there is no ambiance/ decor/ atmosphere to speak of.  It is bleak.  I got a greek salad an I think 50% of it was way past its day.  What I had was probably the worst food I've ever had.  The people there are unfriendly.  I've heard some decent reviews of this place but my experience has soured it.,|,
Nestled in the heart of downtown ATX is this eclectic mix of self serve frozen yogurt, fresh shakes and smoothies, açaí bowls, interesting artwork and the very kind and helpful Priscilla who made our visit all the more special. I tried the Sixth Street power shake and this place also has a lot of artistic charm as well. Great place to bring out of towners looking for some Texas charm.,|,
Very rude staff and manager, did not honor a reservation though we were actually early for our reserved time.,|,
Definitely worth a trip to try out Suerte.  Decor and atmosphere is spot on.  Waitstaff is helpful, friendly, and knowledgable.  And, most importantly, food and drinks are great.  We had several dishes - chips with lentils, street corn, carne asada, sweet potatoes, churros - and every bite was delicious.  Drinks were also perfectly mixed.   This is a great place for a big group get together or a date night.  The ambiance, food, and staff are sure to make this an Austin favorite.,|,
Used to be okay, but the breakfasts have simply gotten too inconsistent.  After one too many times waiting too long and another serving of cold pancakes, we decided it wasn't worth the times they get it right.,|,
Very good bbq will come back. The cool thing is you can go out side and check the massive smokers out while they are cooking on them the heat is intense to say the least. I give it 4 stars for not having a loaded bake potato. We had the ranch style beans they were great and some what spicy the Mac and cheese was delicious and the green beans were also delicious. Cool atmosphere also,|,
Only ate their once as we don't live in the area. Good food, tasty. We do get bubble tea from here more often. We often order the Slush bubble teas. Consistency is good and thick, not liquified or watered down. Pearls are fresh and chewy, not mushy. Overall it's worth a try. I want to go back and try more of their soups... We saw some people who ordered them and they looked delicious!,|,
Service needs some improvement but the food was pretty good.   Don't get the Unagi tempura. DO get the seafood risotto and wagyu! Yummmm :),|,
Their toasted tuna subs with cheese are awesome.  Just what I needed on days when I was working in Boston but still living in Worcester and had to have "dinner" at 4:30 before driving back to Worcester to get to class. The pizza isn't what I prefer, but its still pizza.  They're usually hoping on big sports night with orders out- so you know they've got the good greasy pizza place snacks.,|,
Late at night Columbus around the OSU campus shuts down all most every place closes by 11 at night. Many places on campus are open late but do not deliver. But I found this place on Yelp. We ordered a thin crust pepperoni pizza that was really really good. We have to  go to the location to try other great items.,|,
The waitress in Charlestown was so kind. It was a slow day and our group trickled in and later switched tables to get out of the hot hot sun. We ordered half pizzas and she was accommodating with our weird order and drinks. The fig pizza is really sweet. Eat it as a delicious dessert pizza!!,|,
This location really disappointed me. Being a regular at the NYPD on idrive (also a franchise but different owners), this was a huge let down. My buffalo chicken pizza was thrown together, chicken not on every slice, and overall just bland. Which I imagine is hard to do with a pizza that should be really flavorful. I will take the drive for much better pizza rather than 20 dollar bland pizza.,|,
What a horrible experience. We wanted to take our kids to listen to the band. Called ahead to confirm. They said seven, but it was actually 6. There was no band, just a one man show. Which is fine, but not what we drove 45 minutes for.,|,
I just wanted to update from my previous review that though I'm still enjoy this place, recently they started to charge tax on all drinks from their base price.   I understand that you with Austin's rising prices you need to cover your costs, however I can go down the same road and get the same exact beers for $1.00 cheaper (with tax included), it makes me wonder where is this extra money going.,|,
The pork tamales are my go to meal. I highly recommend them.   The avocado margaritas are pretty good (but not life-changing). I would try them at least once just so you can say you've had one.   My husband had the burrito last night (and usually gets the tamales). He said it wasn't very good.   I'd stick to the tamales.,|,
We ate there again this weekend.  Food is dependably good. I'm a sucker for anything with shwarma sauce, and Nicholas delivers!  Seriously, the lamb served with rice is very good although it may seem a tad overcooked.  The best thing to order with friends is an entree or two and get a mezza platter to share.  The Broadway location lacks the funky ambience of the original location (which is itself losing it through progressive "improvements"), but the food is just as good,,|,
We stopped in for lunch while walking the Freedom Trail.  We had burgers and they were the outstanding!!  They have a good variety on the menu and great historical atmosphere.,|,
Sooooo gooooood!!!!! We were really skeptical about German food but OMG this place was really Delicious!!! The fresh bread while we waited for our meal was amazing and hot, the flavors were On Point, the portions were really generous... overall an AMAZING experience !! We will Definitely come again!! :D,|,
This is the place where you holler out, "Gimme a Bud Lite".  You gets a lacquered middle finger, extended, and a pitcher of Bud Lite appears, with attitude.  A large pepperoni pizza is consumed by a sole patron who ordered in addition a Big Dawg sub to SHARE with his bae.  All of this is without contrition.  I had a BigDawg sub and it was the best sub I ever had.  BigDawg sub and three Buds = $10,|,
Now called T'Kilas. Same menu and ownership. We've been eating here for years and still love it. Great food and great margaritas at a reasonable price.,|,
Have you had Affogato? It's when you take a double espresso and (delightfully) cut the bitterness by pouring it over ice cream or gelato.   Affogato makes small batches of 5 gelatos in house. Flavors rotate, but you can count on delicious options.   This is my favorite treat to keep me going on a nice afternoon. There is indoor and outdoor seating and the coffee and espresso is great if you're not into sweets.   There is no reason to stay away!,|,
The price was great and the waiters were really friendly. The entire vibe of the diner was great and everything correlated with the movie, The Breakfast Club. The menu items offered a variety from savory to the sweet. The smoked salmon had a lot of depth and the pancake were nice and fluffy. There was a Wait to get a table but the line was moving quickly. Definitely would recommend,|,
Best seafood in town.(That really isn't saying much)  They are a tourist destination for many. My opinion is that its more for the tourist and not really for the food. They will be packed as long as the food is average. No reason to change if it working for them. The powdered fritters are good.,|,
Good food. I got Chimichangas. They were really good. They do trivia too (on Thursdays I think).,|,
My favorite Mexican food spot in Austin. Service is hit or miss. Food is almost always great though.,|,
I have to agree about the line being long, not as bad as Disneyland.  They do their best to be attentive, give good customer service and get the customer on their way.  The ice cream tasted delicious, fresh and not too sweet. We had the strawberry rhubarb and blueberry and the milk chocolate and strawberry rhubarb.  The cones were fresh also.    I would love to have a place lie this near me.,|,
Slap yo thai momma good!! We loved this place so much we came here three times for dinner while on a work trip. The noodles were great. But the Tom Yum soup was my favorite. Also enjoyed the basil eggplant. Loved the friendly staff and prices. Don't let the exterior scare you away. Totes worth it!,|,
Love this place!! Fresh food and the moo goo chicken is my fave in a white sauce! The ladies are always so friendly. It's nice and quiet and the food tastes fresh. My fave little lunch spot,|,
Great hot dog and fries. I was out for a quick snack and ended up  at T-N-T Grillin! I will definitely  be  back to try the cheeseburger. Good job Tony!!!!,|,
My wife and I just had a superb lunch at Il Terrazzo! Michael (the owner) made us feel very welcomed from the moment we walked in. The food is awesome and combined with the views, ambiance and outstanding service this experience will be hard to beat. We absolutely loved this restaurant and will be back very soon!   Thanks To Michael and his awesome team!   Jose and Suzanne Cisneros,|,
Food is good, but the reason it gets three stars is because of the incredibly bad service I get every time I go. So much that I'd rather head to First Chinese BBQ or the one by the Hong Kong supermarket.,|,
Awesome food! Came by here just by chance when I was getting hangry. The staff was so friendly and the food was delicious! These sandwiches are HUGE!  I thought from the name and sign that they wouldn't have seating, but they do have some seating inside if you don't want to take it to go.   Will be back!,|,
Great little pub!  Delicious burgers and wonderful tap selection.  I had lived down the street for a few years, always wanting to stop, but never thinking of it when I was hungry.  Finally, I bought a living social deal, and got over there for a burger and a beer.  I have since been back to enjoy music, soccer games, and just some good bar grub.,|,
We've had two truly excellent meals here. The food seems more authentic than most American Thai restaurants, very delicious, and served with classic Thai friendliness. The staff could not have been more eager to please or more accommodating. A gem for all who love Thai cuisine and hospitality.,|,
This is an excellent date night spot! The decor and ambiance make it inviting, cozy and intimate. I love that it's not loud like so many other places. The service is great and the food is amazing! The times I've gone I've had their crawfish étoufée, crawfish beignets, the grilled chicken pesto pasta, the French Quarter salmon, and the chocolate raspberry créme brûlée. I definitely recommend it!,|,
I simply love this place. The only downside of Hopdoddys is the long wait, but I know they can't change that. Their burgers are wonderful and I absolutely love their patties and buns. Their green chile queso fries are a must! I'm always excited to go to Hopdoddys and suggest it for dinner weekly.,|,
The brown butter hazelnut crunch is the single best donut I have ever encountered.  The donut itself manages to be both fluffy and chewy at the same time, which provides an excellent platform for the pure bliss that is incarnated in the form of brown butter and hazelnuts.  This is the kind of treat you ask for before lethal injection.,|,
Great food. Healthy tasty and authentic. The Buddhist nun running the place (all by herself!) is very warm and friendly. I went there with four other people and we ordered lots of food which arrived very quickly and it was delicious! So I don't understand why some people were dissatisfied with the service. It's just a very low key casual dining experience. But if you enjoy vegan or vegetarian and southeast Asian flavors I doubt you'll be disappointed!,|,
Very tasty and a lot for your money!  Line was long but ice cream did not disappoint!,|,
I needed to have my engagement/wedding set re-appraised for insurance purposes. Morgan Jewelers offered convenient free parking and very fast service. I was able to get an initial quote while I was there, didn't need to leave my ring with them and received a thorough, typed appraisal within a week via email. I was extremely pleased with the service and price, and would definitely recommend them to others!,|,
it is brand new in the Hunters Creek location. the staff is really nice . you can try samples too . cookies and cream is my fav of course,|,
This place is amazing !! A must have is the tuna nachos it's a very nice size and delicious ??,|,
Worth the hype!  If you are in the mood for a good burger, then this is the place for you to go.  The lines can be a bit daunting, but the staff does a good job to move them fast.,|,
We stumbled upon this place after breakfast in Newton Center. Great find. My wife says it's the best haircut I've ever had. That's pretty much all that matters. But I also thoroughly enjoyed my time in Elijah's chair. The man is a delight as well as a prophet. He really lifted my spirits on a tough day.,|,
This was a little taste of "home" while we were here in Florida.  We could actually go to the original Ghiradelli store in Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco but when my wife saw it we had to get a Sunday.  Yes, its over priced (about $10) but so worth it when its hot and humid.,|,
Authentic Tonkotsu Ramen that almost rivals sister restaurant Umaido. Customizable level of spiciness from 1-100! Definitely recommend to Ramen lovers! Try the rich broth and I assure you won't have any regrets. Ties with Umaido for best Ramen in Georgia! Next is Wagaya,|,
This place is THE BEST Asian fusion I've eaten in Boston. Every item was amazing in taste and presentation. Totally will come here and bring my guests here.,|,
I love that this Kroger is right by my work. I can literally walk in during a break, grab the items I need, and I'm out within 5 minutes. I also love that they have a Kosher food selection.,|,
I came into this Domino's with a unique delivery request and the assistant manger, Jesse, was all over it. He was extremely prompt and helpful and texted me a picture (per my request) of the finished pizza with my note in it. It was a very quick turn around and the pizza looked (and per my past domino's experiences, probably tasted) amazing. Thanks to Jesse's help and his great customer service, I will definitely be coming back here.,|,
Good selection of beer, wine and liquor packed into a tiny space. Decent prices.,|,
Decent, but not great restaurant.  Depending on what you order, this is a nice, and low fuss restaurant inside the Gaylord Palms Resort.  I think it would be more fun to eat on the sailboat vs inside the restaurant, but there were no open tables when we were there.  I tried the calamari appetizer and had a cheeseburger which were both pretty good.,|,
When you are charging $16 for an entree and $3 for a naan...make sure to deliver a quality product. Crap entree with old pieces of chicken reheated...tikka masala tasted like some spices cooked in a lot of cream. Wouldn't recommend at all!,|,
This is a wonderful place for breakfast. The staff is so nice and the food was great! I got biscuits with a side of bacon gravy and two potato cakes. The potato cakes were crispy and well seasoned. The biscuit was fluffy and soft with a crispy outside. The biscuit with gravy was very good, but the raspberry jam on the biscuit was a show stopper. I would definitely come back to eat the biscuits.,|,
Great local bar! The staff is all very nice, drinks are quite reasonable and the crowd is always a pleasure. Definitely my new regular drinking spot.,|,
The usual chipotle. This one seems a little busier than some. Perhaps a little dirtier... The lines are long but it goes by pretty fast.,|,
Tiny place, decent selection of food, reasonable prices. Nice portions, tasty food. Kind of a small dinky place, but I found it was good food and good service.,|,
My family and I are huge fans of sea world! We have been annual pass holders for more than 5 years now and will continue to support sea world and all the good they do by rescuing animals. They are always adding, changing, updating things so we don't get bored. Holiday events are spectacular. We love it here, keep up the good work, sea world!,|,
I was recently in Austin for business and stopped in for a new bra. The service and selection was so amazing, I ended up restocking my intimates with loads of new wonderful items. I can't wait to return next time I'm in town.,|,
Delicious. The butter ramen is so yummy and the happy hour Menu makes everything affordable enough taste it all. Love this place,|,
Went in to get a pedicure. Asked if I wanted my nails done too I said I was all set. I was asked another 3 times if I wanted my nails done. I kept saying no thanks politely but received attitude. I was in and out of the salon in 15 minutes. Wasn't worth the money.,|,
Great little eatery - tonight I had the falafel roll up sandwich. Yum! Second time here, and both times was delicious and good value. Ps get the lemonade!,|,
I've had many a dosa and no one does it quite like House of Dosas- they are crispy and light, filled and with curried deliciousness (alu gobi is my fave). I find myself craving these almost weekly now. Why 4 stars and not 5? Well, the interior could sure use some sprucing up and the customer service is a bit hit and miss- but no matter I will continue to satisfy my dosa cravings as often as I can at the one and only House of Dosas.,|,
Great place. . Could use a little more spice on the lamb but great chicken and veggies!!,|,
Went here for lunch with a few friends and was absolutely delicious! I had the fried chicken salad and it was so flavorful and delicious. The waitress was really helpful making recommendations too, everything looked amazing! Will definitely be coming back here for brunch, lunch and dinner. Lots of fun beers on tap too to try.,|,
Can I give it negative stars I went there today around 1 with my sister and  when I asked to pack my own food they didn't let me so I allowed em to pack my food in the back i just got home and they dint pack us our food i got just my salad and the rest of my food gone and my sisters fish wich she barely touched gone we paid for a whole fish and we never even got it,|,
This place is great when you want to grab a quick bite: convenient and available parking, never too busy, and quick service.   The sushi is cheap, and it's tasty, though not the best. We'd come here again when we wanted a quick, no frills sushi experience.,|,
Went there for lunch and got the bulgolgi bento. It was cheap, filling, and super delicious. The bento came out pretty fast so i was in and out in a timely manner. Which is what bentos are all about. Will definitely be back.,|,
I don't know what is better, the food, the staff or the atmosphere! Their staff is friendly to all types of parties; couples, families with kids or large groups and works their best to be attentive to everyone. We've been here a number of times and every time the food has been incredible and the staff has been awesome. The atmosphere is perfect for historical Lexington. Absolutely recommend and will be returning.,|,
Lively, crowded location in the Hong Kong style. I am primarily a pescaterian so choices were limited.,|,
Loved the lasagna. My friends and I had the lasagna and no one was disappointed. They prepare the lasagna in a small round casserole dish, which is a bit different and cute. Great presentation. We also shared a scrumptious Burrata. Cocktails were well- crafted and tastey. The location is convenient to the Fox for a dinner before the show.,|,
Whale of A Wash is a great spot! The lady I spoke to on the phone quoted me $15 for a queen size comforter (I had paid $30 in the past at another cleaner) and when I dropped it off, she said she could have it ready in a few hours! (I'm used to waiting a few days.) The owner works very hard and I will definitely recommend her and her company to others.,|,
Fun place, friendly people, and fabulous food at fair prices. I could eat here every day for a month. Will definitely be back! They have a delightful selection of benedicts, scrambles, waffles, and French toast, plus a unique sandwich menu. There are vegan & vegetarian options too! And when your plate comes, you're gonna be really happy... I sure was!,|,
Quick, easy, and not overpriced. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was fresh, hot, and soooo yummy. I can't wait to try something else from this restaurant.,|,
Update: Pizzas are now available for lunch and dinner for eating-in! I am so glad the business has changed their policy and I can not wait to have Friday-night-pizza-night again! Thank you for being receptive to your patrons' feedback!,|,
This is the Burger King closest to my house. They remodeled so it looks nice but that has not help the service or the food.  Tonight, the service was very slow. The only had 3 people working there. We were told "she's new and still in training" about the cashier (same girl from last week who was slow). I wonder how much time they need to train.  The food was old, and cold. The fries were hard and my son's chicken nuggets were too hard to eat as well.,|,
I've had takeout here many times as its a block from my house but it keeps getting worse.  Now I am at a point where the convenience isn't enough to place and order.  Its not as bad as foodcourt sushi but its close at times.  Although the yam fries I really enjoy.  Last time the negitoro smelled off - thats even with all the green onion in it.    Maybe Kits sushi or Sushi Bella next time?  Depends how lazy I am.,|,
Very good.  It being my first time here I didn't know what to expect.  I can say I am folly satisfied and stuffed.  I will make this a regular lunch spot.,|,
I like how much organic food this place carries, especially for such a small store! The staff are quite friendly and helpful, the prices are reasonable, and if I request an item, they will start carrying it. They even sell organic wine, which is delicious! I am giving four stars because I really wish they had even more organic options (they have organic produce, mostly). But overall, a very good neighborhood store.,|,
Very run down, smells terrible and extremely rude staff.  Pay a little extra and stay somewhere better, I wish I had!,|,
We have been going to Lynd's several times a year, since we moved to Ohio about 4.5 years ago. We have not once left disappointed. We have came and gone through long holiday weekends, in the cold, warm weather and it has always been a delight!  In fact we were just here over Labor Day and then returned again today to pick some Red Delicious apples, which are my favorite!,|,
Food was good as always. One boy got the make your own pizza, which he loves to do. Other got the Mac and cheese. He was happy with that. My pizza was hot and had extra cheese! Awesome! Service was excellent. Very short wait for our food. Waiter was excellent, very attentive.,|,
The bouncer at one door couldn't let us in since he swore that he has seen real California driver's license, and my friend had a fake id.  He obviously looked way youngger than us.   Okay.  then we went around through another door and got in with in a minute. well that was a REAL pointless rejection.,|,
Underground lunch spot. It was easy to get in and really fast service with great friendly staff. Basic breakfast options but just what I needed. Also great coffee,|,
I first went here because I wanted to get something similar to gyros, but all my friends were vegetarian or vegan. Needless to say, I was very impressed. For a fixed price, you get a certain amount of falafel in a pita and you can put as many toppings on as you like. Falafel and toppings were all of high quality, as were fries. Definitely worth checking out.,|,
Best gluten-free pizza crust I've ever had. I took my girl here and we both loved it. We shared a couple slices of Hawaiian and then played a game on the pinball machine. Great first and everyday date!!,|,
Service was good but food not. Shrimp tacos had two little shrimp in each. They toasted the tortillas which made them rubbery.  Also husbands blacked mahi was big but the fish was very dark inside and dry. Very little curly fries on side.  Best thing to order is wings. Safe.,|,
The pizza at Press Pub and Press Grill is excellent.  This location is excellent because you don't have to deal with the parking issues of the Short North location.  The space is more upscale. Love it!,|,
Staff is overbearing and seems more interested in signing you up for a credit card than helping you select the right jewelry.  It's clear that they are compensated more for these credit card sign-ups than they are for sales commission. Kay is a financing operation disguised as a jewelry store.,|,
いつもLAからラスベガスに行く途中のお楽しみが、オースティンにあった！！生のポテトを使ったフライドポテトは好き嫌いあるかもですが、ぼくは大好物。バーガーも、普通のものをちゃんと作ったら最高においしい！ってことの好例。ここと、静岡のさわやかはいつ東京にお店出してくれるのだろう‥あ！どこにも書いてないんですが、ポテトもバーガーもアニマルスタイルにできます。ポテトの場合はポテトの上にバーガーのソースとチーズかかったやつです。,|,
I loved this place!!!!  The bar in the back, which connects to the patio, is one of a kind. I had tacos, which I liked, but the margaritas were the highlight. They make their own mix and its awesome. I have been drunk for the last week and a half trying to copy the recipe. The place is beautiful and the service is great. It would be a great date spot...,|,
I love this place.  The food is excellent, and their rotating specials always sound really delicious.  They have a small, but quality beer selection and the place is a little pricey, but it is worth it for the food quality and the atmosphere.  This is a great place for a date.,|,
OMG, the breakfast burrito will do for breakfast, lunch and leftovers.  It must weigh about 2 pounds, what a deal.  It makes the cheap inner me quiver.,|,
This place is well kept and clean. Trucks are too. Good people. Friendly place. Dogs are welcome. Don't go during Halloween due to the haunted house next door you won't find parking.,|,
Thank you to yelp! I was on this side of town and starving before my night shift.   I did a quick search of to-go food and this restaurant was a top rated business for the area.   I called in my order and it was ready in about 15 minutes or so; I am not sure because when I walked in around that timeframe the good was it was ready!   I ordered chicken pad thai.  I thought it was really good and came in a pretty big portion. I split in in half for two meals, what a deal. :),|,
Very small, a little grimey but a decent enough college bar,|,
The food is pretty good, you get what you pay for. The same goes for the drinks. The service is okay. It always seems like the servers have a bit of an attitude and take a while to warm up. Great outdoor seating and inside doesn't get too crowded.,|,
Excellent!!!! Tastes like I'm back in Spain or at my favorite Spanish deli in Puerto Rico! Everything I tried was on point!!,|,
HUGE full slabs. Very tender meat. BUT even though I asked for sauce on it, very flavorless. Had to ask for additional barbeque sauce (I like it hot), and smother it with that to give it any flavor. I had the Baby Back ribs. Everything else delicious, the sides, and I had the red velvet cake.  Service was a tad slow, but nothing too terrible. Never very many people there, don't know why, it's located in a busy shopping center, but all the activity is at the other end where Kroger is.,|,
total mouth boner, do yourself a favor and getcha some.,|,
Entered very hungry, and left full & satisfied! Great Cuban and the kids loved their Ham & Cheese press. Worth another visit!!,|,
It has that olde timey feel to it, but not in a cheesy retro way.  It legitimately feels like what I would imagine a 50s diner would be like.  Food was very good too.  I wouldn't come here if you are on a diet, but my whole family liked everything the ordered.  I got the special which was a turkey, bacon,  avocado sandwich with onion rings and it was delicious!  I would absolutely go back there again! Great service too.,|,
One of the newer tapa places which is edgy yet has warm atmosphere. Service was excellent and love the fact the chef /owner personally stops by to check in with their guest.   The presentation of the food is top notch but for my palate both the pork belly and the yellow tail sashimi sauce was bit salty.  The sashimi is pretty spicy with the jalapeño and sirachi each spoonful so have water handy.  Next time I get to visit Atlanta will be coming back to try other dishes.,|,
This place is quite tasty.  It's an affordable mexican place.  I guess it is a chain, but this is the first location I've ever been to.  Their taco salads are really good and they come in a yummy edible shell.  Burritos are also very good!  I haven't tried other things there, but I'm sure they are the same.  If you get the Qdoba frequent buyer card, you get a free order of chips and salsa after your register your card.,|,
The front desk ladies Pearl and Sally were caring and professional. The massage therapists were very good and had lovely technique. The scrub and massage package are winners. The facial is very simple that includes product and light massage. No steam or extractions. Overall this place is very solid and you won't be disappointed.,|,
Finally we found a good place to eat before seeing the rockets. Good, authentic, clean, good service. We will be back. Cuban sandwich was very good and large. Chili Pork relleno was very tasty.,|,
Legit Mexican food! Not Tex-Mex, authentic Mexican food. The salsa is addictive. Service is attentive and you absolutely cannot beat their lunch prices. I had the #1 which was 1-beef enchilada and 1-cheese enchilada with rice and beans. $6. That's right, I didn't stutter......12 different lunch plates to choose from for $6. The have a very extensive menu full of Mexican specialties. Think chiles rellenos and albondegas.,|,
On my recent visit to Austin I revisited this restaurant, may I say the service and the food were just not that good. Tip look else where for good Indian food.,|,
Very friendly staff member working this Monday afternoon. Not only did he help me out with what I was looking for, but when he asked how my day was going and I said I was waiting for a tow truck to jump my car, he graciously hopped in his car, drove over to mine with jumper cables to help me out.   This guy went above and beyond customer service.,|,
So wha'd you have for lunch today? Yogurt? That's cool. I just ate a freaking rattle snake shoved into a bratwurst.  Spoiler alert: i win.,|,
My 60 minute massage with JAMES at The Boston Bodyworker was great!  He is a well trained massage therapist who focuses on therapeutic massages rather than the typical spa salon massages. After a fabulous massage, he ended my session with stretching recommendations.  The Boston Bodyworker is a very professional establishment and its location (at Copley Square) is very convenient. I will be back for more!,|,
The tea is good, but the operation is so slow. The wait time is unbelievable. It's like they can do only 1 drink per 5 minutes. So disappointed.,|,
This place was fabulous!  There was an awesome set of options and better yet EVERYTHING is fresh! The salad was incredulity, house hummus was awesome, service to great!  The belly dancing entertainment - SO MUCH FUN!!,|,
I was so stoked to go here, and so disappointed with the food.  The service was above and beyond, not a complaint at all.  But going to a gastromolecular restaurant, the expectations were high, and they didn't even come close to other restaurants.  Out of the 10 courses, I'd say 2 were excellent, but all others fell short.  Still totally bummed about this place.,|,
I used to go to Ruby's every week when I lived around the corner. They really do a nice job on manicures and pedicures. I've found that their manicures last longer than most. They are very friendly and have pretty good prices.,|,
This place is a great new food option in Union Square. They have a relatively small menu (not a bad thing), and the food seems very fresh. It tastes like they cook with good quality spices too. We loved the chicken chili. The plantain curry and spinach and paneer momo were pretty good. I think we'll try a meat momo next time.,|,
Great house beats. Tiny bar in the back. Comfortable seating, very unique. You're basically lounging on raised carpets. Only good for smaller groups (under 6).,|,
Love this place! Pass by this place all the time goin to work & finally got a chance to try it. Service is great. Food is good. Drinks are great as well. Not expensive at all. With great vegan/ vegetarian options! My Santa Fe burger was delicious. Turn around time could be faster but that's if I need to  criticize anything. Parking is pretty good for an Atlanta restaurant & outside seating is available. I say try it out!,|,
As a Caribbean native I was really pleased with the food and service. My original goal was to find a place in Cambridge that served Haitian/Black rice (which they only have on fridays) but I am so glad I stumbled across this place. The food was simple but its taste is extraordinary. I will definitely be a repeat customer!,|,
Excellent Happy Hour. Friendly service, great prices and good food & drink selection.  Parking can be a pain, but if you go for happy hour and park at the bank next to UBC, after hours then it's usually no problem.,|,
I always love Blue Ridge Grill.  Get there early for a cocktail and enjoy the ambiance of a first class steakhouse.  The tuna tartar is a wonderfully decadent starter and the on-the-bone steaks will have you asking for a doggie bag no matter how hungry you are.,|,
Excellent strudel!! Now get great coffee in that place , teach the kid in the front how to make it properly, and I'll be there everyday!! 4 stars for the strudel alone,|,
Love them. Everyone is so friendly.  Atmosphere is quiet and relaxing. The food is perfect.  Everytime i go I try something new and I am never disappointed .,|,
Went for a Friday night date night. Had a bottle of red wine (can't remember which kind), beef tartare for an appetizer, the chef's salad, and the duck for an entree. it was delicious! for dessert we had the macarons. Highly recommend.,|,
Had a birthday dinner here and it was phenomenal. The gnocchi was unreal. The seafood was fresh as could be, the atmosphere felt like a dive on the cape in the best way possible, and the service was prompt and friendly. 10/10 would recommend.,|,
So, I can't drink coffee, but this is a review on behalf of all the people I introduce to Matchstick.   Consistently, I'm told this coffee is superb, the service is good and there's a great selection of baked goods. Whenever I go out of town to visit my Dad, I've slowly been introducing him to local coffee roasters. So far, the Catalogue Espresso is his hands-down favourite of all the local roasters. Additionally, when I bring friends to town, this is always a hit.,|,
I decided to give it another try...what a mistake!  Nothing has changed, the place is empty for a reason and same surly woman sets a horrible tone for the place.  Good News, however, Nero's Cafe has opened recently...right across the street!!!  Great atmosphere in the old Wellesley HIlls Train station...A much better option!,|,
Every time I've gone to this location the place wasn't very full yet the service was slow. The food seemed extra greasy and the beer a little flat. The interior isn't appealing at all. Nothing cool about it really. I saw some people mention the outside dinning during the summer and the river view so if I go back someday maybe it will be this summer and I'll update the review then.,|,
Empty dining room on a Thursday. Hostess sits me next to a crying baby. I ask if I could please sit somewhere else since the dining room is practically empty. She decided to sit me next to a bathroom!  Really?! I'm not a tourist either, guess I'll just have to take my business to chevys or chuys!!!,|,
Stinson's is awesome!  Cozy and lovely atmosphere, great staff. We held our private Christmas Party at Stinson's yesterday. Ozzie and Kim were extremely attentive and treated us like royalty.  Awesome restaurant. Loved the glass garage doors that roll up to let the outside in! Highly recommend!  Don't forget to try the drinks, really yummy!,|,
Got delivery on a Thursday at 2pm and it took an hour and forty min for a small order. Still pretty good, but not as good as the Amherst ma location.,|,
Over-priced!!!!! C'mon?!  Really?  $6 for a teeny cheeseburger $5 for a teeny shake $3 for teeny fries - If only my family's appetites were teeny and my wallet huge!!   The double stack patties were noticeably smaller which is disappointing and there's a limit of non-premium toppings of two.  The fries are tasty tho!,|,
Face to Face Spa is a great Med spa.  I've been going to the Westlake location for almost 2 years.  The aestheticians are well trained and they and the staff are friendly and welcoming.  I would highly recommend them. The owner Jenny is great and I highly recommend Nici for facial treatments. Thank you!,|,
It's hard to find a good gyro with the creamy cucumber sauce. This place nailed it! Greek fries are the jam!,|,
Very adorable cafe in an Heritage House.  Lovely patio outside.  Good sandwiches and coffee, plus very nice staff make this a favorite of mine!,|,
The Harvard Square location of Newbury Comics is definitely the most crowded on weekends. It's also one of the smallest locations. That said, they have a great magazine section, turntables for testing records, and lots of imports.,|,
smallwares defines meh.    the fried kale does a disservice to kale, insults it, even.    and speaking of service, don't bother them.  they are busy busy busy with their little friends in the crowd.    sigh.  i had put a moratorium on bad food while on vacation, but this place ruined my streak.,|,
I don't really like burger boutique places, mostly because I can do it myself for much cheaper. But grub has awesome turkey and chickpea burgers. The buns are hand crafted, baked daily and everything from the vegetables to the sauces really taste fresh. Their milkshakes are great and available with alcohol. It's a nice place for a casual date or family meal.,|,
Went there last week with friends - line moved really fast and we all agreed, incredible food for a fair price.  What more could you want for a take out?  Short of complimentary wine (like THAT would ever happen) I can't see how they could improve!,|,
Great service in a small family run restaurant ! The beef Iskender was outstanding ! Definitely going to return for more !!,|,
Such good donuts. High quality ingredients and such a wide variety of flavors. The chicken on honey glaze donut (at the Hawthorne location) is actually REALLY GOOD. Think about dunking the best chicken nuggets into honey or something, similar flavor to that. The chicken on the donuts IS SO GOOD.  Great music too.  Just a heads up, they do sell out from time to time. I've seen them sell out by 4 or 5 on Saturdays and Sundays.,|,
It all looks very good.  I had the burrito and it was delicious!  Loaded with ingredients and very filling!  The steak was tender and very flavorful.  I will come here again! Sundays they give you a dollar off!,|,
We just had a tour of beautiful Oregon Wine Country.  Wayne, the owner, was our guide.  He started with "wine is liquid geography" and explained how the difference in climate and soil impacts the wine.  I've been on many wine tours and I probably learned the most from this one.  In addition to being informative, it was a lot of fun.  We visited wineries that I would have never discovered on my own.,|,
Great take out option. Very inexpensive for the area. I had a large order of chicken with broccoli, my husband enjoyed a chicken with cashews combo that came with soup and an egg roll. It was all delicious and the total order was under $20! When I picked up my order they told me they also deliver.,|,
Love the similarities to Roscoes and I love that this place has no lotto but there are still a few big bugs to fix in order to put this beer bar into our rotation. The parking lot is a wreck and completely u inviting, the bartender got our order wrong when we were the ONLY people in the place, oh and we were the only people in the place on a Wednesday night. Niche German beer list is great and I hope this place keeps improving with time.,|,
Wait time is ridiculous. Everyone else seems OK with that. Not me. Buffalo burger was bland. Service was bad. Gay/Bi bartender needs to learn to treat everyone equally. I got ignored. Reflected in her tip.,|,
Horrible service. Many open tables in the joint and many more that had no customers, but weren't flipped from the previous customers. We were quoted 30 minutes and we sat for 45 with an update of 30 more. Tables were never being clean and the attitude was such of not caring about the customer, but hopefully waiting for the shift to end.,|,
I  like Indian and this is  best North Indian I have found thus far in Boston. Lentil Soup was awesome, Baingan Bhartha (eggplant dish) was very tasty and the portion was massive, Punjabii Paratha was solid and tasty. I'll be back to try more and bring my out of town Punjabi friends.  Ambiance was nice enough, location in Davis Square convenient to T. Price acceptable for quality.  Punjabi Grill!,|,
Good ingredient selection. Small bowl. Nice service. Didn't try sushi. I'd go back again. It was good, not great.,|,
My girlfriend and I are in Portland for a quick weekend getaway, and we are SO glad we found Bluehour - the BEST brunch we could have imagined!! $2 mimosas, great food, INCREDIBLE service all in a wonderful atmosphere. We spent hours there because we were genuinely enjoying ourselves so much. Couldn't recommend more. Thank you to Shaun and Beau for a great morning!!,|,
Excellent. Service outstanding. Attentive and friendly staff meet you and settle you in quickly. They balance the influx of take out orders, walk ins and delivery well. Food was delicious. We had chicken sweet corn soup; BBQ pork and wonton soup; prawn toast, steamed pork wontons; and house special chow mein. All were five stars. Highly recommend.,|,
The pineapple salsa is awesome as well as the con queso dip appetizer.  I have been here several times, mainly because the margaritas keep calling me back :)   Amazing infusions of tequila, and no sour mix....FRESH lemon/lime juice.  Atmosphere is very relaxing.  I love the caliente margarita, and the staff was nothing but welcoming!!!  TRY THE TEQUILAS-you won't be disappointed,|,
This place is IN the ghetto. My family wouldn't even get out of the car & sent me in instead of eating with me.  I've been vegan awhile and know veg places are usually hard to find. Not on the main roads, etc. I get it. I didnt mind. I ordered 3 different things as I was on a road trip. Everything was great except for the fried sticks. They were TOO fried. But overall a good experience. The staff was very nice and the restroom was clean. I was a happy customer.,|,
Horrible service on my friends birthday. Waited over an hour for drinks. Did not id..but food was ok,|,
Awesome atmosphere. Amazing burger. Super mojito. some dude waiters sound kinda douchey. will be back!,|,
Id give this place no star if i could ... all i gotta say is WORST waitress EVERRRRRRRR.,|,
This was my first time eating at Sushi Time thanks to the popular reviews. I've walked by it many times just writing it off as cafeteria sushi. All of their rolls looked delicious and fresh (went during lunch time). I tried the salmon avocado roll which had 12pc. for about $7. Very good & fresh, will be trying their other rolls!,|,
Breakfast at Thierry was awesome. I had the mocha and my husband had the Spanish latte. The macaroons were so delicious as well as the almond croissant. We wanted to order the tuna nicois but was not available yet at 9:20 am,|,
Crappy staff attitude. Botched order. Shitty location. Won't be back. Staff all look like work release.,|,
Stopped on our way to the Hill Country.  Worth the wait, freshly made fish tacos.  Plan to go soon.,|,
Don't appreciate being skipped by 4 people while waitng on my boy and waiting for my haircut, first time here. Will not be back.,|,
One of the best burgers I have had hands down. Love the locally grown ingredients used and the local brews. Super friendly people with a cool vibe.,|,
Great sales, really clean, and all the baby items I need! Just moved around the corner from target and I think it made me into the stereotypical target mom, but I can't help it. This target always has the items I need and even a section to pick up groceries. I never used to shop at target and now I'm going about three times per week! Plus the cartwheel app just makes it even better with even more sales prices.,|,
I've only ordered delivery from here. We've ordered a few times and they have been hit-or-miss. Most of the time, the order is not completely correct. A couple of times We got incorrect flavors. Another time we ordered extra sauce the end they didn't come with that. Another time, everything was fresh and perfect. Maybe it has to do with time and day. But we're obsessed with Wing Factory so we will always be back,|,
Great food  love the flavors. Patio is very warm and inviting  Miser is very authentic. Good meat choices.  Need to focus on cleanliness. Lot of signs of dirt buildup Definitely recommend for authentic.Ethiopian food,|,
Best pizza I have found since moving to the greater Boston area, not at all exaggerating. Fresh dough, strong and creative cocktails, lovely and comfortable ambiance, and, most importantly (for my husband and I, anyway), the sauce is absolute perfection. Had the olives and rosemary sea salt bread for appetizers and then meatball pizza along with the beets and goat cheese salad for dinner. Everything was fresh and delicious. Service was awesome. An easy and well deserved 5 stars, no question.,|,
My friend was so excited to take me here. She's super particular of her broth for pho. The pho was great, lots of different options to choose from! The restaurant was nice, spacious and clean feeling. There is a small parking lot in the back. Authentic, reasonably priced, and good! Give this place a try :),|,
Amazing place for a haircut - Mo is an artist. I appreciated his attention to detail and the price cannot be beat. My new go-to barber shop - can't wait to be back.,|,
By far the best vape shop in the area I've been to. I've been in twice when I was in the area. They were not hesitant at all of me and my girlfriend trying out all the flavors. They took their time, asked question and made suggestions as well. I live in the cedar park area and will go out of my way, just to give them my business.,|,
Love love love their acai bowl! The best! It's a HUGE portion! Me and two other friends could barely finish the Large acai bowl haha. And the staff are really respectful to people. I wanna try their sit down big ass plate food next time I come!,|,
Ask for Amy as a server. She was very friendly and attentive. Great sushi and they put their own twist on things. Delicious cocktails, they don't skimp on the alcohol.,|,
This was the first time ever that i had tried Hopdoddy and I was so glad I waited in line for it!  I came to visit ATX and a few girls and I waited in line for about 30 minutes to eat at this joint.  I love their soco tea it is too good.  I was iffy on trying the ahi tuna burger but boy was I glad I got it after I took the first bite!  It was so enjoyable.  I was so happy when hopdoddy made it's way to Dallas!,|,
Since the face-lift the store received sometime last year (early this year?) it's more comfortable to get my nails done here. The prices have not changed much (perhaps a dollar or two more expensive) since the people changed at this store last time around I have really had no desire to go here, unless I find myself drawn to Target and talk myself into getting my nails done, or need to treat myself after a long wait at the RMV.,|,
Nice little stand in Steveson Richmond This place sells slush with soft serve ice cream called screamers   The price is good and it is a nice refreshing drink on a hot day,|,
Nice views of the Boston area.  Make it a point to come here at least once during your stay in Boston.  Go up to Top of the Hub for dinner or a drink!,|,
Ordered Pad Thai for delivery. Very disappointing, it had no sauce in it? No flavor, no spice, very bland. I was really looking forward to their food based on the great reviews. I'll have to give them another try next time I'm in town.,|,
Disappointing. Service was friendly and prompt but food wasn't good. Fried squid legs had good flavor but were tough and rubbery. Yakitori was bland and unremarkable. We got pork belly, chicken thigh, chicken skin, gizzard and short rib, none were great. The chicken skin one was especially disappointing, not crispy at all. The squid leg salad and gizzard yakitori were probably what we enjoyed the most. Overall unremarkable and we won't be back.,|,
Forgettable. Great name with less flavor. The pork grinds appetizer was hard to eat. I couldn't eat half of it. The burger was normal. Nothing crazy. For $17 the hangry bison burger seems like a burger with mustard and hot sauce but nothing special. Completely unsatisfied.,|,
蠻特別的地方 結合BAR和保齡球 氣氛非常好 就算沒有要打 也可以玩得很開心 有酒喝 也有許多螢幕轉播各種比賽 值得推薦,|,
Lovely servers, delicious food, the Yelp consensus is 100% accurate.  LOVED the red lentil dish, and be sure to take the server's recommendation and get the kitfo almost-rare.   Delightful.,|,
I've had better service at waffle house. Overpriced, mediocre food and as a sushi fan I was overall underwhelmed.,|,
Mas caro do que deveria ser, porém muito saboroso! O molho Bacon- Parm é uma delicia.,|,
Great baked goods, cute furnishings and cool HVAC inside, all right downtown in Buda. Their Carmelita's are delicious. I heard the kolaches are amazing (with Hudson Sausage), but they had already run out by the time I got there (11am). Next time!,|,
Love this place for happy hour! I've never actually gone for dinner, but have come several times for a couple drinks and small plates. Licha's Cantina is my other fav happy hour spot, but Buenos Aires has way more indoor comfortable seating. Definitely a great spot for a casual happy hour with friends or co-workers!,|,
The food was delicious here. The service was slow though and we had to flag down the waiter a couple of times. The hotness scale for the rice was described as mild, medium and hot, but the medium was still pretty spicy. Overall, I thought the food was really good, but next time I might try the lunch buffet or take-out/delivery.,|,
This is my first time going to Rigolette Ristorante and I can say I was pretty satisfied with the overall experience. It was a small restaurant perfect for a small group or just one! The food was delicious and the waiter was super helpful with the menu. The only thing that was a hassle was there was one waiter for like 10 tables which made it a little annoying because we had to wait for service once or twice but we understood! I'd definitely come back next time I'm in the city.,|,
Excellent tacos with fresh ingredients. Highly recommended!,|,
Excellent Greek food, huge portions, good prices. Wouldn't know it was so nice inside just driving by but it's a really nice restaurant with great atmosphere.,|,
fantastic burgers. great ingredients, great execution. extremely efficient operation for such a busy place. their milkshakes are stupid good. llano poblano burger is my fave, but there's not a bad thing on the menu.,|,
I love this quaint little cafe along the Coal Harbour seawall.  A great spot for a taking a break from running or biking.  It's popular in the summer for its thick, dense gelato (expect a line when the tourist season is upon us).  I've found the staff to be friendly and helpful, always offering a tasting sample before I could ask for one.  The shop also sells paninis which I haven't yet tried.,|,
Another review!! I just love this place. We went for brunch last weekend and I got the smoked salmon Benedict... O.M.G. it was amazing! I highly recommend everyone try it! It's on a crunchy piece of brioche. It also has crab cheese. Yeah.... I'm going to need to get it again. It's so yummy. Unfortunately this week they are doing an Easter buffet... And I don't want to deal with that crowd. But next week.... it's so on!!,|,
The manager is rude and unprofessional. They mixed up my sub with another person's sub. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!,|,
El Chilito is great!! I highly enjoy everything I've had there. The tacos are flavorful and large portions for just a couple dollars each. The salsa is also a must when getting food. I make it a point to stop by when in the area.,|,
This place as really gone down hill.  I used to come once a week with a friend for several years.  Returned for first time after 6 months and was very disappointed.  Servers were not friendly.  People across from us got in fight over rules about wings.  They ran out of our favorite tequilla. The food was fair (we usually get steak salad, cheese sticks).  Just stunning how bad an experience it was.  Maybe new management or owner?? This long time customer will not return.,|,
Stayed at this hotel recently for a company conference and really liked it. Great front desk staff, decent sized rooms, comfy beds, and spacious bathrooms. I'd definitely stay again if work ever brings me back to Buckhead.,|,
We ordered take out from here since it was near impossible for a table of three on a Sunday night! I ordered the Indonesian fried rice with a over hard egg on top. I'm a huge Spicy fan so this was right down my alley!   If I'm in the area I'd definitely be back!,|,
I am a longtime fan of Maudie's. Their cheese enchiladas cannot be beat. However, I tried something new for lunch yesterday & ate the chalupas. Meh. Around 11:00 last night, I began experiencing severe abdominal cramps. I was awake all night & was unable to eat all day today due to continuous cramping. I am so thankful that my toddler did not fall ill as well. Thank you for the food borne illness, Maudie's. You just lost a faithful customer.,|,
Life saver.  While traveling we had an issue with a small batch of clothing and needed it laundered.  The staff were helpful, professional and friendly.  They quickly got our clothes cleaned up, same day and the price was way less than I would have expected.,|,
The wine flights are excellent but the service was not great. I sat at the bar for brunch and ordered the shrimp hash. It took over thirty minutes to get and was cold when it finally came out. My boyfriend didn't order anything so it took that long for one dish. The restaurant was not packed. I would typically say something but I was starving and just wanted to leave and not wait for my food again. The bartender and wine were nice but didn't make up for the long wait and cold food.,|,
Great staff and delicious cakes! After having disaster with order for birthday cake at star next door we bought a cake here. Definitely worth the little extra to buy something from a pro rather than the grocer. In the past found the choc frost cake to be a bit dry but the butter cream chocolate cake was moist and a hit with everyone. For a  crowd pleaser go for Rosie's. For something a little diff our go to is japonnaise in Brookline. But that's not really for kid's birthday party!,|,
This place is tiny and intimate.  I stopped in there once, and I had a good experience.  The food was delicious - they value quality over quantity.  This was a surprise to me, because I ordered biscuits and gravy, and expected a big meal, but I got a little one - delicious, but little.,|,
I have been to Parish Cafe about 5 times, and it just gets better every time I go. I have tried about 3 of their sandwiches and every single one was incredible. They menu isn't huge but there are a good selection of sandwiches to choose from. Price is not bad for the quality of food, I just wish this place was closer to where I live so I could live in it.,|,
They're upping the rake again. $7 max plus 2$. So bad for the poker community. The management doesn't give a shit about the players. It's pretty obvious, they're trying to kill poker.,|,
We found this wonderful little food truck one day and what a find!  we were driving around looking for lunch and found it.  Wonderful carnitas and really friendly crew.  Its worth driving out of the way for.  we will be going back!,|,
this is another place that i like to go to for pho; the other restaurant being pho pasteur.  i really have no preference for either establishments as both are good.   this place went through a renovation and added a sandwich bar to the restaurant.  i have yet to try their sandwiches though. while i can't say anything great about this place, i can't say anything bad either.  i've had good experiences with this place, including food and service.,|,
My family and I eat here atleast once a week. Good and delicious fresh food. Trio tacos is my favorite with steak, my man gets the chicago burrito and of course cant forget our horchatas :)),|,
Some of the best whiskey I've had. Loved the barrel aged. Kinda glad I don't live near here. It would be dangerous :). Friendly knowledgeable staff. The cocktail sampler was really nice.,|,
I haven't had a technological problem (yet) (fingers crossed) but when going in to purchase a new charger, the staff were super friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive. Great customer service!,|,
Make sure to beat the Saturday rush for brunch.  The service and food was amazing.  Definitely will be adding to my favorite brunch spots in Atlanta.  The service is fast and friendly.,|,
This "experimental kitchen" is one you'll want to check out if you're into healthy, feel-good foods. Their dads are phenomenal and they feature some seriously incentive smoothie flavors. Try the carrot cake smoothie- so delicious!,|,
Solid Thai food. I like the curries and the cashew fried rice. It's always busy during dinner, but it's very quick service. I do think some of the dishes run a tad more expensive than other Thai places, but it's well worth it because of the consistency.,|,
This place is my favorite north austin restaurant. Great service and delicious food. I love the pastas but next time I'm going for the steak. We ordered the bread pudding and it was AMAZING. The étouffée is always great. I love the greeting that we get when we arrive and even the kitchen staff  say "thank you" when you leave. I always recommend this place to anyone that comes up this way or comes to town for a few days. Definitely check this place out.,|,
I love the homemade fettuccine noodles and the lighter option. Good Italian food. Be ready to pay a few dollars though. It is pricey.,|,
Simply terrific, simple, great food, great prices, the Porchetta is to die for, Grilled Cheese the best i ever had and the Meatball is excellent. Great prices, service and a NY Meat Packing district feel and decor, I expect to see Anthony Bourdain to walk in every time i eat there. Love the big table seating too, met many new friend eating there and a very attractive hip crowd. I highly recommend. Guy Fierri was absolutely right on with this selection for his show Diners, Drive Ins and Dives.,|,
Denmark charged me $14 for a shot of Fernet. You can get 10 shots of Fernet in the country of Denmark for $14. Not sure what this bar is trying to pull, but it's way out of touch. And its name makes absolutely no sense. Nothing Danish about this place.,|,
Was a bit surprised at the quality of the food here.... very tasty.    The decor isn't much to write home about, but all the food was yummy.   The tortilla soup is fantastic!!!!   Reasonably priced too.     Note to owner:   turn down the volume on the hockey game.   Not everybody cares.,|,
Ordered "The Cricket" sub kale for wheat grass. It was amazing. I loved the decor and vibe of Juiceheads. You have to try the Vegan Chilli if you. Very delicious. I wish I had tried one bowls.,|,
I've only been to the Mohawk for a few outdoor shows (my indoor Mohawk experience includes using the bathroom and getting water), but I adore the setup.  On the lower level, you can stand in the crowd or off to the side.  Or, if you feel less social or enthusiastic,  you can escape to the upper levels where you can sit or stand comfortably with an adequate view of the band and crowd.,|,
This is my go to fix when I'm craving a to-go salad.  Not only do I love everything about this chain, but it never disappoints.  That sour cream and cheese topped on my salad.  Extra guac & sauce, please!!  I should really check how many calories are in the salad sauce.  That sauce is the boss.  The staff has always been nice and friendly.,|,
Nice place to hang out . We love bears here and food is awesome what else very friendly crowd.,|,
We waited at the bar for a table out front. Because the wait was longer than promised, we were treated like royalty. It was so much fun. Order the grilled artichoke & mussels in a tomato sherry sauce (fantastic! We ate it like soup.) Also liked the atmosphere here even better than The Med (owner's other restaurant), but both places have impeccably trained staff. The trout & Salad Nicoise were fabulous.,|,
The worst service ever received.  I don't know whether they don't care whether to see us there again but people at the counter are working with an attitude that is far more than unfriendly.  I have been going there for more than 10 years, but I was very disappointed by my 3 recent visits, and would consider not going back if I can.,|,
Incredibly helpful and knowledgable staff and stocked with all kinds of plumbing supplies not available at Home Depot or Lowe's.,|,
This cafe sucks butt.... Really bad customer service will never drink from there again.,|,
This place is absolutely lovely. Wonderful food and amazing service from our server Justin. He was very attentive, knowledgable and friendly. The one thing that is a bit strange is the fact that they don't have a designated host, so you have to wait for a server to seat you. Overall though, great experience and we will definitely be back.,|,
The food is fresh and innovative. Completely comforting and there's something for everyone. The Seared Ahi starter is a must. The ahi was out of this world fresh and a really good grade.,|,
Lou's is normally an amazing place to go. last time I went it scarred me.. The dough was hard and it completely changed my mindset. I will give it a 3 for inconsistency.,|,
This place took a while to get up to speed to be honest, but once it did it became a solid bet for great Mexian food. The ingredients they use are fresh, and just the right amount of spicy. The chips are great- and fresh tasting. Can be on the loud side at times, but that's what happens when you're popular I guess. Prices are reasonable for the quality.,|,
Strongly recommend the Bermuda Bliss for whenever you need a pick me up/are sick/want to treat yourself. I love this place and the people that work here are so friendly.   Prices:  16oz smoothies are $6.78 24oz smoothies are $7.71,|,
This place is unbelievably tasty.  It's like eating Asian food while on MDMA.,|,
Love this fresh little place.  A friend brought me here on a Thursday night when they were hosting their 20% off everything in the store party!  To top off the 20% off they serve beer and wine aplenty!  I got my buzz on and then shopped away!  They set up a bar and play music and treat you like a friend!  I hugged   It was so much fun!  Oh yeah, and I love the bowl that I picked up there, was looking for one everywhere!,|,
Delicious!! We tried a number of menu item and all were amazing, it's a cozy restaurant with top notch service. Great place for a date, casual lunch or romantic dinner!,|,
35 minute wait for tacos?! Plus they were out of chips! How does a tex-mex joint run out of chicks. El Milagro Totilla company is 5 minutes away...,|,
Their cake is like a little piece of heaven!! I have had strawberry, cookies and cream, red velvet, caramel and Oreo. You can go no wrong with any of their flavors here! My favorite is the easy one- red velvet! Their cream cheese frosting is just beyond and their cake is so moist. It's easy to order online and pick up! They have very up to date technology and good customer service. It's really, really expensive but, for a special occasion it's so worth it. Highly recommended!,|,
I would agree with the subtlety comment. The flavors here are sophisticated, aromatic, and experiential.  Beautiful interior and far-reaching ideas. Can't wait to come back again and again.,|,
Came back with a group of friends. All dishes were great, as usual, except for one. We ordered sour cured pork ribs, pork collar, paneng chicken currey, eggplant stirfry, and the steak salad. The steak salad was great when I had it the first time because the steak was shaved so thinly, but this time, they were thinker chunks and were too chewy. Flavour was delicious however. All other dishes and drinks were 10/10.,|,
Love this place! Me and my husband cannot get enough, their tortilla soup is soo delicious as well as the sour cream enchiladas!!! Wait staff at this location is soo nice! Especially chris! We love him as our waiter,|,
El Porto is my new favorite restaurant in Malden. The food was great and the service was even better! The mariachi band was a plus!,|,
My mom and I were CRAVING a nice Mexican meal for dinner during our vacation in Orlando. I yelped and stumbled upon El Patron. We walked in and were seated immediately. Our waitress was so kind. The guacamole is to die for. My mom and I both ordered an assortment of tacos and let me tell you, i've had my fair share of tacos but these had to be some of the BEST tacos i've ever had. If you're staying in the Orlando area or are just passing by PLEASE make El Patron part of your visit!,|,
Grabbed a grilled chicken caesar salad on the way home and though the greens were fresh, the chicken was overcooked and bland.  Terribly overpriced too at $8.50.  I understand where the questionable sanitation comments are coming from now after seeing the lady handle the salad and my money with bare hands...,|,
Awesome property.  Stayed here for a conference this weekend and the heavenly beds were great! Starbucks on site was fast and efficient.  The restaurant on floor 72 was fun ..almost as fun as the elevator ride to get up there!  Freindly staff:),|,
Ate here on a Sunday night with a larger group.  The restaurant accommodated us with ease.  Our waitress Jay was incredibly helpful with recommendations and descriptions of the meals.  Everyone in our group loved their choices.  Everything was tasty, a hearty size, and a fair price.,|,
Great food, excellent service.  Great place for Indian food.  First time visiting and will definitely be back.  Asked for some substitutes and no problem!,|,
Amazing food at a great price. We got the salmon and lamb plates. Everything was cooked to perfection and the salad dressing is amazing. The owner chatted us up before we left, really friendly guy which made the whole experience even more enjoyable. This place deserves a spot downtown.,|,
Ordered my pizza, it was delivered on-time. The lady that brought it was very friendly. The pizza looked great, only thing I wished was for the sauce to be a little spicier rather than sweet and the crust to have a bit more flavor. But otherwise, very affordable, they run great specials & good customer service!,|,
Live down the street from Zoe's for a year.  I have to say I did not miss much.  I ordered a salad that was the size of my hand.  Quantity quantity, QUALITY!  Just like Johnny's.  Now they leave you feeling full!  Won't be back I am afraid.....,|,
It is a great place to go and sit with friends, hang out and do some work, sit back and read a book, or enjoy some time on the pet friendly patio after a weekend morning walk with friends. I think the parking could be a little more convenient, it isn't always easy to find a place. The coffee and drink selection is pretty good. The pastries and treats have always been a little dry.,|,
Huge portions. Chen is running his business into the ground with portions like that. The Angus is fully peppered. I highly recommend the fried angus.,|,
What a find!  Somewhat obscure location (for Boulder that means neither on Pearl Street pedestrian mall nor adjacent to campus), but amazing food.  Had carnitas tacos that were the best I've ever tasted.  Pleasant outdoor dining area is a real plus.,|,
Affordable foot reflexology Im in love!,|,
I quite enjoy this food cart.  It's really all about that tali sauce, which I find delicious and worthy of it's reputation.  All of the other ingredients are simple (they use Pace salsa!), and you'd probably figure out a way to make these for yourself if you could figure out the sauce part of it.,|,
I love Teddy's this is a good old fashioned diner where you can get real food for a good price.  The staff is always wonderful and there is usually a wait for a table.  But they move quickly.,|,
Western US consignment store. Lots of great recycled clothes here. Great place to find vintage t-shirts and other kitschy clothes- most under 15$,|,
This place is very nice, food was tasty, low key friendly service. Got the mixed fruit and veggie salad and a beef dish, very flavorful, ginger and onion notes. Just what we were looking for!,|,
Slowest. delivery. ever.  90 mins to get 1 pizza 4 blocks? Yeah, I should have picked it up, but I was stuck on a conference call.   Lesson learned, not worth the wait. Very average pizza but good onion rings.  I'm sorry that I cheated on Beauty's Pizza.,|,
Nick from Chimcare was very nice and professional. They did a good job with our chimney and showed up on time. I would recommend their services and use them again.,|,
Bare bones chinese restaurant.  More reasonable than Mu Lan and the food is pretty good.  I cone for the honey garlic pepper wings, shrimp mei fun, or broccoli w garlic sauce.  They're fast, friendly, and good for takeout.  I recommend them for these reasons. They will also askew you to modify or request special orders.  Today i ordered the shrimp and broccoli add garlic sauce at no additional charge.  Thanks China Express.,|,
Nice little shop. Stopped in after a show. Only tried the iced coffee-which really hit the spot. But all the pastries look d yummy!!,|,
This is the perfet dose of art for me. It is medium size, housed in a classic old stone building which features a beautiful atrium. The perspective from when you are standing on the top floor looking down is very picturesque and somehow romantically Italian.,|,
I was excited to try this place... however it fell in disappointment as their XLBs were juicy but lacking that flavor. Please do not get their tiny a$$ portion lunch special. I left hungry... I could've went for another lunch. Their desserts that come with the special weren't anything appealing.,|,
Epic fail in every imaginable way 1) meat-cheap, flavorless, and grotesquely greasy 2) fries have no potato flavor and the crusty stuck on seasoning 3) Pepsi products 4) ridiculously overpriced-$20 out the door for lunch 5) bacon-undercooked and fatty.  Will return when it snows in Miami.,|,
Great service! Lovely atmosphere! We enjoyed the papas, the squid, the huevo, the drinks. Our server was so solicitous and helpful.,|,
The ambiance isn't great, but the food and service are. The authentic Pad Thai is a perfect mix of sweet, sour, spicy and peanutty. The curries are traditional and delicious, but the duck wasn't anything to write home about.,|,
From the undercooked beans to the Rice-a-Roni filling, I can't imagine a worse burrito.,|,
I am with friends walking our dogs and we noticed this Yogurt place when passing by. The store logo - a lovely English Bull Dog (named June according to the owner) caught our attention. Its quite a show to watch how the yogurt get fast frozen in low temperature. I had the green tea for safe choice. The texture is so different comparing with Qoola; you have to try to get to my point. Very enjoyable, I'd go back again for sure.,|,
This is the best freakin thing i have ever done in my life. going on this tour is so fun and interesting, you really learn a lot. Not to mention the charismatic staff and how i could i forget the FREE BEER!  This is a must and i highly recomend going more than once because they change the specialty beers out all of the time...,|,
I don't get the hype. Yes they have interesting eccentric flavors but the donuts are way to dense and doe-y it's almost like they're wet and haven't dried yet.,|,
great place for birthday parties they always cook my steak to perfection and were never disappointed!,|,
Service is god awful.  Took me 45 minutes to get my sub.  I was in a hurry and after waiting 20 min, I asked for a refund so I could atleast leave the place without loosing money. The man who owns the place wouldn't give my refund. They're were some people who had been in there over an hour.  Decent sandwich but horrible horrible service.   Don't waste your time.,|,
It is a unique place for breakfast. The breakfast portion is large and pricey. The food is not my taste, probably I am from the US. The food at this place like mix with  French/Moroccan. Overall, this place is packed, good services but the food is not for my taste. It is good experience to try something new while visiting Vancouver.,|,
Great little find. Some of the best Tex-mex I've ever had. We were all impressed. Certainly helped that it was just minutes from our hotel. My only regret is that I didn't get the guacamole with our chips. The tortilla soup was delicious and loaded with strips of tortilla.,|,
been there twice now. First time was an excellent experience in all areas food, serve and decor. This time food was underwhelming. Pretty bland, though service was still quite good. The kicker was the $5 bread order that included 4 slices of mediocre "housemade ciabatta" paired with Texas olive oil. please.,|,
Just like franchise pizza but not as good, very Dominos-ish, Pizza Hut is better than this. Very salty meat. They don't have a real pizza oven, it's a conveyor belt type of oven (like Burger King makes hamburgers with but without the smoke flavor.) I visit Columbus often but I won't be back to this place, Wendy's would have been a better choice, at least it's cheap.,|,
Sharon was our server and she was great! We came in at a weird time just for a bite to eat. I got the fish tacos and my friend got some sort of bean bowl. Both were great. Really cool decor. Defiantly want to come back at night some time.,|,
Good atmosphere,  okay service but staff are always friendly and smiling.  Food is slow in coming out (. Guess it depends on time of day you go). Lunch time seems to be a bit quicker but dinner is very slow.  Portions are ok especially the appys. Bit pricey unless you go during happy hour. I'd give it really a 3.5 star,|,
Good quality sushi. Primarily a Asian fusion restaurant so more pad Thai and the like than sushi.,|,
I was staying down the street at a big convention type hotel and didn't feel like eating there. I ended up eating at the bar Cut's both nights. It was just fine. The service was exemplary and the food very good. Perfectly cooked ribeye one night and a really good burger the next. Had cilantro fries with both. Some of the best fries ever.,|,
When I miss living in Birmingham, Alabama, I come here. Then I remember why I moved to Boston.,|,
Order was filed up, no silverware or napkins into our room,this was supposed to be room service. They then made promises to make up for the lousy service, which they did not keep. Never again. Decent food, lousy service.,|,
Terrible ...incredible view ...terrible staff...terrible food. Don't do it unless you are drunk and have no other place to go.,|,
We stop by Le's every so often.  It's a solid restaurant, food hasn't changed much.  They have expanded the menu to incorporate other Asian dishes besides strictly Vietnamese.  They're usually pretty good.  Service can be a hit or a miss depending on how busy it gets.,|,
Very, very good pho, noodle bowls, they do it all well.  There is a secret dining room downstairs.  A real treat especially in the raw, cold, dreary winters.  The pho will make it all better.,|,
Was visiting Vancouver for one evening. Read reviews for Yuji. Glad I took a chance. The food is very tasty. I enjoyed it. You won't go wrong with this place. Suggest making reservations.,|,
Yummy! I got the fish and shrimp and it was delicious. The Mac and cheese was so good loved it. Hope they keep it as a side.,|,
Great coffee. One of the only places I know of that has Cuban coffee. Patio outside is very roomy and dog friendly.,|,
Excellent food, spotty service. Nice decor, cool commercial complex.,|,
This was our first visit to Metro Diner. The food was good and service was super fast! I ordered the 1/2 chicken salad sandwich on rye and cup of loaded baked potato soup. The soup was hot and had lots of potatoes, bacon and cheese. The chicken salad had chunky white chicken and red grapes which was served with lettuce and tomatoes. And the rye bread was fresh.,|,
Went last night for dinner, seekh kebab tasted baked , maybe I am wrong but portion was little for the price. Bihari kebab was chicken not bad but better tastes if it was beef. Nihari was ok but Nan were too thin and some parts not cooked properly.,|,
Good food at decent prices.  Ordered the frog and eel clay pot rice and the eel soup.  The soup is not on the menu, you have to ask them for it.    The decor is no 5 star dining, but this used to be the old King Fung Garden, which is no surprise that they kept the almost the same amount of tables and chairs.  Word of advice, if you are not used to toisan style food, don't eat here.  The smell of the salty fish rice pot alone would scare people away.,|,
Quite mediocre. The service was bland and the food was boring. And who makes pad thai with sweet and sour sauce?  They had a nice selection of rolls, but unfortunately the ones we ordered were less than stellar.  I will not be going back.,|,
So we were forced into this Wendy's because every other (3) spot that we tried just wasn't working for whatever reason.  The heat wasn't working when we visited, and that made this a terrible place to eat.  Even the staff was in jackets with beanies.,|,
My favourite coffee place in Boston so far!   Their drinks are delicious. They have nice desserts too. For drinks, I've tried café mocha, maple soy latte, vanilla chai latte, and cinnamon bliss. Yes, I just keep coming back!   The space is really nice and clean. The crowd is young and professional. The restrooms are usually SUPER clean too.  Prices are okay and for the area not bad at all.  Some desserts are overpriced though.  Other than that, great place to chill.   Kudos to Jaho!,|,
I had an appointment, and still waited for my nail tech for 15 min. She didnt apoligize for being late either. Also she kept getting up and leaving. I  felt like I the client didnt even matter. So rude. Also 45.00 for full set pink and white. Ive never payed this much and been treated so poorly. Needless to say I wont be going back. Hope I can save someone out there , there hard earned income.,|,
With customers from Mexico and an employee from Estonia. The Estonian had to get her passport to buy a drink; the Mexicans couldn't despite holding a US work visa in their passport.,|,
Still not the cheapest in the neighborhood, but a great place.  My initial gripes were the $10 minimum, which still exists, and also, they lack of Andre.  Well, lucky me, Andre is on the shelf!  It is a nice neighborhood place, with staff that knows you, and is eager to help!,|,
I agree with you yelpers, the upscale bar food is AMAZING!   I love the atmosphere, dark wood, booths and friendly service. Skip the chicken buffalo dip which is way too spicy but try the butternut ravioli which is fab!  Thanks to Phantom Gourmet we tried this place and LOVED it!,|,
Block+Tackle has Roe located in the rear of it's restaurant.  Sit at the bar, where the lengthier of two tasting menus is offered.  French style service. Recommend the pear w/salted praline-caramel popcorn & creme anglaise.,|,
Best supermarket I can think of in the Greater Boston area !   To me, everything is WOW there! Much better than the competitors at Shaw's and Stop and Shop - and not as pricey as Whole Foods. I keep recommending it to all my friends. Instead of me ranting on a lengthy review, I  just say to you: go see for yourself !,|,
Out of the way location in Cambridge, but worth the trek. If not the best bread in Boston, certainly near the top. Particularly seek out the kamut bread, an ancient grain which is a precursor of wheat. Brioche, sourdough breads, cookies, sticky buns, croissants are also to die for!,|,
Picking up some delicious cupcakes for Mother's Day.  Love Sister Honey's cakes, but you have to order weeks in advance.  Can stop by any day for slices of cake and cupcakes available in the front case.,|,
If you are going to get anything from here, go for the gyro!  That's the best thing on the menu and the only place I know of where you can get a good gyro....and I've been in boston for 11 years!,|,
Best chicken tenders in town. I ordered the 1 pound chicken tenders with sweet Thai chili sauce, it was awesome. The tender were so juicy but crispy at the same time. The staff were nice and friendly. Definitely will go back to this place again.,|,
Awesome place in the middle of random location.     Get the truffle pizza and grilled calamari if available. Entrees are not that exciting but appetizers and pizzas rock so stick to those.  Definitely fair prices on the wine menu.   Wish the bread basket was better quality but if you order pizzas than you don't need it.  Salads were good but nothing worth writing about.    Worth the trip!,|,
Aunque no está en España este lugar puede perfectamente presumir el orgullo culinario español, todos los platillos son preparados en el momento (la paella tarda pero lo vale) el pan que preparan ahí es excelente y es sobre el que sirven algunas de sus tapas, así que uno puede pedir y pedir y siempre sentirá un sabor nuevo en cada platillo, que es de lo que la comida española trata. No se pierdan este lugar que hasta está bien para tomar un trago acompañado de unas buenas tapas!,|,
Two Words: Roast Pork. Call ahead or your lunch pangs will be met with chagrin and disappointment, kinda like how your mom feels about the way you've turned out. All that college and look at you. Guh.  You must call ahead. YOU. MUST.CALL. AHEAD. If you want to taste the savory delights of slow cooked pork on a house-made braided roll dripping with porky goodness, topped with "hots" then you must call ahead. You have been warned.,|,
Service was good the food is ok but the place is dirty could somebody please vacuum the carpet.,|,
Good food.  BTW, the mussels curry available with buffet only on Friday . They told me otherwise when phoned in but wasn't available in buffet. Was disappointed since it's my favorite and went in just to have that :(,|,
Ordered a house special pho. Broth was horribly heavy on MSG and beef was so over cooked that it was hard and chewy.   There is much better place nearby so I am not coming back.,|,
As a frenchman, I always look for places to compare to. I can honestly say Thierry is amazing. Great choice of pastries and deserts, great service, great location.,|,
Nancy's Home Cooking is made with crack and angel's tears. I brought my mother here once and I am now no longer allowed to visit without bringing home chicken and noodles. Johnny Mazetti is awesome and an OH staple. Reminds you of elementary school, but 100 times better. I love this place.,|,
I really enjoyed this place.  They have a friendly staff, great tacos and sauces, and a good vibe overall.  Fun place, will return next time I visit ATX.,|,
Party of 11 with no reservations, seated us in a few minutes and had the dinner of our lives. Everything was delicious, cleaned every plate we had. Service was exceptional and catered to our every need, the atmosphere was great after a day in Universal.,|,
Came here for the lunch Buffett. The food is always good here and it was not too packed for lunch time. Great selection and the food was nice and hot. The cream puff is my favorite part but overall I love this place.,|,
This place is a treat. I was excited to hear a place in town sells katsu chicken. I wasn't disappointed... their serving size, price, and quality is perfect for me.,|,
I just ordered online on Yelp and they called and cancelled my order. They refused to deliver because I am "way out of their area"! am exactly 1.8 miles away!. So irritating!,|,
The name of this place is 100 percent spot on because I am addicted to this coffee!! Ya, I admit it sometimes I have been know to roll thru that drive thru more than once a day... Great coffee, Spunky staff if you're in the area give this local mom n pop shop a try best coffee in beaverton!,|,
We were excited to visit because Mexican is our favorite cuisine and the decor and atmosphere seemed to foretell a great experience.  Unfortunately the opinion shared by the 3 individuals in my party was our entrees were a bland, flavorless, disappointment.  One member of our party had the poblano mole, another had the Texas bowl, and I had the Texas fajitas. Atlanta has so many venues for quality Mexican food, there is no reason to settle for this.,|,
The food was delicious and service was great. But the whole experience was ruined by the droves of noisy middle schoolers yelling, leaving their trash and not buying anything. Their rude behavior was shocking and not a good look for the town.,|,
Is it because this goodwill is downtown? Everything is so much more expensive than other goodwill stores.  Yes, they display quite nicely, but the products themselves are no different to any other goodwill. So why have prices of a second hand boutique store?,|,
This crew of misfits stumbled upon this joint while thumbing thru Yelp looking for a bite to eat. And oh boy did we ever hit the motherload.. Lamb gyro was awsomr..octopus salad  was off the hook. Owner is a hell of a nice guy and served us well. It is yet again a fine establishment in this cool part of town  Drop in and give this place your time. Oh and don't forget the bacon wrapped dolmas...  ..,|,
The workers were super nice, but the food was not so much. I had a really dry cupcake, moist but odd-tasting GF brownie, and a hard-as-rock GF cookie (which was also odd-tasting).  With there being so many other incredibly awesome bakeries, I don't see why I should go back here.,|,
Really enjoyed brunch here. Fantastic omlettes, local cheeses, unreal bloody Mary's great service!,|,
Delicious baguette sandwiches and crepes!  The atmosphere was relaxing, many a good meal and conversation were had here during our summer in Portland.,|,
Just left after having lunch here and I will NEVER be back. More than half way through our meal one of the waitresses brought a plate of RAW meat and placed it in a table close to us. Raw meat! Out where your customers are eating a meal. The meat sat on the table for at least 20 minutes with customers walking by it. This is 100% a health code violation. I will never eat here again.,|,
They have the best mac and cheese and great service! It wouldn't be my first choice of restaurants but given the chance I would go back!,|,
Coffee is about a 6 or 7 on a scale from 1 to 10...the customer "service" is a 10 on the SUPER crappy scale...but the stars here are allotted to the coffee...and the emo kids' poetry- snaps for creative expression and friendship...ps life really doesn't suck as bad as they pretend it does here. (my wife says it's depressing),|,
For the money enough variety and freshly baked bread to make it a go-to place for nights when there isn't time to get dinner and go to your next activity. Especially good for breakfast. Good coffee bar, especially the coffee.,|,
Bunk is one of the latest in a long line of "oh my god, you haven't been to XYZ yet?" catch-up meals - also one of the tastiest. It gets busy during lunch, and deservedly so; who wouldn't want a piece of such delicious sandwiches? no one in their right mind, that's for sure.  Cubano seemed like a good place to start, and mmmmmboy it certainly was good. I've also heard good things about the muffaletta, but let's be honest, I'm going to end up trying everything after a certain point.,|,
The absolute best Ribeye Steak I've ever had!! The flavor was delightful with a fresh chimichuri  sauce! -it was cooked to a perfect medium-rare. The service was spot on! Our water took the time to let us enjoy our appetizer and drinks before bringing out our meal. The timing of the entire meal was perfect. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to all I know! -Excellent service, and wonderful food!!,|,
This was my first time here. Food was great but both our meat dishes were way oversalted. I'm still rating high as the rest of our food was great and service was fantastic.,|,
Best pizza place for hawaiian pizza! My Fiancé and i have been eating here everyonce in a while since our first date almost 6 years ago.    The quality is great, the customer service is on point.  I recommend this place to everyone! :),|,
Counter is in my humble opinion one of the top three restaurants in town (Jeffrey's and Fonda the other two). Especially now that they offer valet and have a liquor license.  Food is extraordinary. Service is professional and unobtrusive. Portions are small and tasty so make sure to order the 7 course. It's a food holiday!,|,
First time for me.  Went to see excellent movie Hell or High Water. I would have been happy watching it in a garage.  The seats are narrow and do not recline, blah...  The audio/visual is first rate.  As I always say I can endure anything once with a full bar in proximity, bingo!  The movie was A+ and the bottle of rose bubbly made the seat much more comfortable.,|,
This was the best service I have received in a long time. The food was to die for and the atmosphere is so welcoming. This was my first time coming here and I will most definitely be coming back. I'm someone that never makes reviews on these types of the things (yelp) but, I am so impressed with this establishments that I had to share my thoughts on how GREAT my time was here.,|,
Red fucking Velvet cupcakes, people.  Yum. Yum. YUM!  However....at $2.50 a pop (and they are smaaaall) a wee bit over-priced, I think, but it wouldn't stop me from getting more of their delicious cupcakes.,|,
Best quick grab and nom place. Awesome gyros. These guys Crush it! Would recommend to friends and family 10 out of 10 times. Blaze and graze baby.,|,
The food is ok...  but the drinks are the best i've ever had in my entire life... Soooo yummy! Love it!,|,
Got a large pizza and a salad for take out.  Pretty good compared to most pizza places in the area, but it wasn't the greatest thing I've ever had either.  The salad was average, and the price was decent for the size of the pizza.  Almost 4 stars but it was a little greasy and wasn't cooked completely right,|,
Loved their vegetarian menu! The margaritas are delicious, guacamole is ok, staff is friendly and the ambience takes you back to Puebla, Mexico! Oraleeee!,|,
Excellent and authentic comfort food.  After years living in the Middle East, I come here when I get homesick and need proper hummus or mujadara.,|,
**parking is free** that's a big deal! The staff is friendly & the atmosphere is fresh & inviting.  Had dinner here food is delicious although I've had better fried rice, and the crab rangoons had a tad too much cheese filling.  Overall I'd come back for sure knowing what not to order. Great fast chinese. Goooo,|,
I went at 11:30AM for lunch and found a parking meter ($1/hr) nearby. It was hard backing out on Guadalupe, but doable.  I ordered a chicken sandwich & americano. The sandwich was great. My coffee never came, so I had to go and remind them.  Good experience, good menu, friendly folks. I will go back.,|,
I've come here many times and the service has been lacking each time. I came in with a friend today and the sign at the front said "seat yourself," even though we couldn't find any tables because they were all dirty. We waited about 10 minutes for water. However, the food was good and came out quicker than normal.,|,
Very nice hotel. I usually stay in $$ or $$$ hotels, and this one was a solid $$$$. So I can't accurately compare this hotel with similarly priced ones. But  I have to say, it was a real treat. The room was well stocked with everything we might need. They served us a lovely welcome tea, and every employee we encountered treated us with an easy graceful friendliness. My only slight disappointment was that there was no coffee maker in the room.,|,
Just go and find out! Be sure to drink way too much and over tip the staff!,|,
I really feel like I'm in Portland when I visit this bar. Bartenders - Amazing! Vincent is the MAN! The Girls - Depends on the day. Sage and Valentine are unbeatable... but some of the others 8{ This bar is just like a woman; So AWESOME sometimes... then other times...   It is a must for anyone wanting the full Portland experience regardless of the staff on hand or the night in question.  A Unique Portland Experience!,|,
Have been to this little store on Burrard street many times before, the staff is always nice and very helpful while trying to put an assortment of items to fit in a size box I wanted, will be going back anytime I need a nice gift for Birthday or just because....price range for a nice size assortment of multiple items $150-200,|,
I love the guys at Arrow Paint. They are always friendly and helpful and they never complain when I walk out with fistful of color swatches.   I admit a small addiction to the sample pots of Benjamin Moore paint. Our living room was a pretty cool patchwork of about 15 colors before I finally decided on one. Thanks to the guys at Arrow for helping me find the perfect color!,|,
The tacos were freaking amazing!!! Omgggg this is the first authentic taco place in Boston that I can find with well seasoned meat, spices, etc. Soooo good. I tried a chicken, carnitas, and shrimp taco. All very good, even the chicken. I usually don't order chicken, but it was actually tender with flavor. The hot sauce was a good amount of spicy (But it is optional). I come here way too often. Lol they should launch a punch card program,|,
Very dirty and old hotel.... everything was sticky and worn down.... and the breakfast was a joke... you can choose some bread or some Waffles .... the staff are friendly .... but overall definitely not a good experience... will not be back,|,
I've been to several of these chains before, but I appreciated this one much more.  The ambiance ranges from elite to jack and cokes at the bar.  Thanks to our bartender (Blee? Your accent was so thick!) we had a great time.,|,
The best breakfast spot to get French toast and scrambled eggs with cheese, yummy and they only accept cash but there's a few bank around to withdraw...the staff is the friendliest but the food is great.,|,
I absolutely love this salon! All of the employees are sweet, not to mention stylish.I have been going to see Laurina for a few months now and she is wonderful! She's great at what she does, listens to her clients, and is honest. I won't go anywhere else or see anywhere else. I highly recommend this salon! The customer service here is fantastic, they really know how to make you feel at home.,|,
The food is fantastic! I had never been there before but heard great things. I tried it the other day and brought my grandmother after a doctor appointment. The ambience was a little vibrant for the elderly lol. She complained about music being loud but I enjoyed it! The food was incredible and the Nutella milkshake lives up to the hype! 5 stars :),|,
I know this is an uppity restaurant with a chain feel, but the food is delicious so I can't not come here!  The vegetarian options are awesome and the spices are perfect!,|,
4.5/5 for Ambiance 3.5/5 for service 4/5 for menu - taste and portion sizes. Overall satisfied because after the initial delay the server scored points for sharing our sense of humor. Tried some sheep cheese (ok) Jamon(ok) Kale salad and sautéed shrimp (good) ceviche (very good) and some olives (pass it). Will definitely recommend to friends and ask management to add more servers to busy shifts and bring some more variety to the menu.,|,
The food was very good and service was quick.  You will love the friendly staff.  If you are in the area check it out for good home cooked food.  I had late brunch meal.  I plan to check it out for lunch and dinner.  Only complaint:  tea needed to be sweeter.,|,
Exspensive for what it is, good options, decent food.,|,
Small portions, small rolls. Rice is not properly cooked. Not enough ginger. Smells like piss inside,|,
The scrambled egg tortilla (I always get it sans avocado) is the best! It's a wonderful breakfast to take to go.,|,
Check in process using the Magic Express was good - only gripe was having to sit and wait for the bus to leave the airport for quite a bit longer than anticipated. Beautiful grounds and buildings. Housekeeping was excellent throughout our stay. The kids really enjoyed the pools. Several restaurants on site but all over-priced - but Narcoossee's was the best food I had anywhere at Disney. Given the opportunity I'd stay here again.,|,
I recommend the chicken wrap with BBQ sauce! Really good. Especially with the bottomless fries (if u get the right waiter who will give them to you). Service is a crapshoot depends who is working. Can be great,  can be bad. Food is always good American fare. Burgers are good too of course. Stay away from the arctic cod sandwich ... Very dry. Food is always good consistently, except for that cod sandwich.,|,
The good- $1 beer on Thursday nights, drunk college students, boys singing Nsynch and Back street boys, dj upstairs  The Bad- Not too many people dancing upstairs, $7 for drinks,,|,
The FOOD...AWESOME.  The PEOPLE...AWESOME.  The REVOVATION...BEYOND AWESOME.  It makes the place look bigger without sacrificing the coziness and charm that has always made it an Austin MUST. I swung in for dinner and asked if the renovator was available for other jobs.  They told me it was the owner and her shear inventiveness. I'm south American and no stranger to Argentine cuisine.  Beautiful authentic space!  LOVE IT!,|,
Just had their sushi burrito and wow... SO good! I don't think I'll be able to go back to regular rolls again. It was incredibly fresh and the combo was amazing! I now have a new addiction lol. I ordered the Samurai Dragon burrito, yum!!!,|,
Excellent service. The food is on a different level. Everything exceeded expectations.,|,
Never been to a Panera before but it was what I expected.  Mostly soups, salads, sandwiches, and some basic pasta dishes. The bread was very tasty which is what they are known for I suppose. It was super busy at lunchtime but the food came fairly quickly. Pretty sure the Panini sandwiches are pre-made.  A bit on the pricey side but nice comfortable atmosphere. Great if you want a light and tasty lunch!,|,
The burritos are the best I've had in ages!  Not greasy or full of sour cream and cheese (although that can be good too), just fresh, wholesome and friggin delicious.  I get the veggie burrito that comes with grilled red onions, black beans, sliced avocado, dark lettuce and deliciously seasoned rice.  Quite a generous size too.  This place is tied for my all time favorite burrito.,|,
Great cupcakes! I tried several flavors (the carrot had a bit too much cinnamon for me, but most people like that), and on a whole I found them to be comparable w Sweet, which heretofore has been my cupcake standard in Orlando.,|,
Trivia nights are cool but other than that this place is, yet again, an over priced over pretentious bar.  $13 just to walk through the door and $7.50 pints.  This place was in it's prime before the Dummy Donnelly group took it over. Get over yourself, Lamplighter.,|,
Their cookies were huge, for only costing $1. Additionally, their club sandwich is big enough for two meals and were really tasty. I had to get my meal to go, so the toasted bread got a little soft, but that's understandable. Their Yankee pot roast soup was amazing, perfectly seasoned, although I don't think their were enough chunks of vegetables, still very good and reasonably priced.,|,
If you are on dirty 6th and want to see a live band on a Friday night come here and have a look.  I have wondered (okay probably stumbled) in here many times and have not been disappointed.   My recent trip,I did get a drink at the bar  with no problem. However, on other occasions, it can be hit or miss. I believe it just depends on the what band is there, how many people in the place, and if understaffed. Hmmm..maybe just like any usual bar on any night of the week.,|,
Granted, it's fast food, but I like it and I especially like the staff. One such staff member, I believe her name is Megan, is always enthusiastic and working hard to ensure you get your order. Keep up the good work!,|,
I haven't order food from you guys in Years and now I know why. My tacos sauce container was open and all over my food. The tacos were too burnt. My 5 yr old brother couldn't eat it.  Deliver took over 1 hour.,|,
My wife and I both have been going to Shear Creations for almost two years. I love the quality of service and attention to detail. I cut my short this past year which is super scary but Denise made the process easy and my hair looks so cute.   Added bonus,  they now  a glass of wine with a cut and wifi.,|,
This office (Westlake location) is the ultimate - in professionalism, efficiency and regimens tailor-made for my particular concerns. I highly recommend this location.,|,
Great place! Quality food, clean, and the staff is very friendly. Family run and they make you feel at home. J,M & S your parents should be proud!!,|,
Such great sandwiches and bread...  Quite rough around the edges, salty and blue collar, without a hello or an excuse me, Lambert's says I'm not gruff enough to wait the lengthy line. But it's absolutely worth the experience.,|,
We've been going for takeout here since I can remember. Even as a little one I remember loving it! They've always been so nice and polite and very quick with service,|,
I like Thai, but live far north.  Thai Cuisine is the best option for good Thai food, good service, and a nice atmosphere.  The family that owns this restaurant is great, too.  As long as they keep doing what they're doing, I'm a fan.,|,
Short and Sweet: 3 Reasons to go to Hudson  1 The outdoor bar in the winter - when they put the "sides" down, you can enjoy the surroundings thanks to the cool fireplace burning all night long.  2 The sliders. I know that teeny burgers are trendy these days and you can find them lots of places, but theirs are YUM YUM YUM. Best thing on the menu.  3 Teresa. Great bartender with a just-generous enough pour.,|,
The burgers were disappointing! I personally don't think the burger were worth the money. The place seems like a great concept, but definitely fell short of all the hype that I have read about.,|,
Really disappointed by the recent financing fiasco. Their business hours are short and the online ordering system is closed until further notice. I had purchased a year membership and barely got any worth out of it before things went downhill. Since I tend to work late, I relied on their online ordering and delivery. I'm also typically unable to make their now-reduced business hours. I want to feel sympathetic but I can't deny that I felt like I wasted my money with the membership.,|,
Food is good but I feel slightly over priced.  I only come for the waffles, because they are awesome and I think their price is very reasonable.,|,
Good crepe and vietnemeesecoffee. Sadly, first time there from LA and my friends purse was stolen from this location. Keep your belongings next to you at all times. Some shady individuals roll through there.,|,
Fun frozen yogurt place.  Tasted rich and not like yogurt at all,  We had the chocolate yogurt with peanut butter sauce and peanuts and pistachio and cream with fresh fruit  Crazy amount of toppings, but most importantly peanut butter sauce!,|,
The service was fast, waiter and staff were nice. I feel the pasta was over priced. The flavor was good.,|,
I popped in to Abode for lunch today.  Intent on ordering a fruit bowl, I instead stayed and had the Laska chicken and rice dish.  I enjoyed it immensely, and wished I could have more. The staff was attentive and was able to easily accommodate my dairy allergy.   When I return this summer to Vancouver, I plan to stop by again!,|,
My heart belongs to Ohlin's when it comes to classic donuts, but as I neither live nor work near Watertown, Doughboy is good for a fix! What a $1.30 donut should be.   It isn't Doughboys first rodeo, and it's the better for it. Simple, friendly, local, with no pretension. They have all the classics, but the Boston Creme is the best. (A close second how's to the mini Boston Cremes...adorable.)  Unless you're a die-hard Dunkies fan, please don't go there. These donuts are so much better!!,|,
Good tuna salad sandwich but the sandwich maker doesn't wear gloves when prepping food. Places needs a good cleaning.,|,
Whoa - tasty! Love it. Ordered the Basic Ramen in miso base, added spicy meat option with soft boiled egg, and Shazam - tasty! We'll be back.,|,
Had takeout last night, chicken fingers weren't cooked and gross.  Crab Rangoon's tasted like they were made last week. Why can't you get good Chinese food in South Boston!!,|,
As good and unique of a meal I can remember having in a long while: Terrazas Reserve Malbec, Duck & Oyster Gumbo, Stuffed Quail with Sweet Potato and Collard Greens and Peanut Butter and Chocolate Mousse. Service from Justin on point and personable. Pretty much perfection front to back, top to bottom.,|,
Only place I trust to wax my eyebrows! They are the best, all the ladies in my family go to First Class. They stay busy, which means that I can't usually walk-in and get my nails done, appts are a must, which doesnt always work for my busy schedule. Love this place!,|,
This is a super cute, friendly shop that sells yummy gelato (and donuts too). The bright interior always puts a smile on my face and I love, absolutely love, the painting on their wall.,|,
We absolutely love this place, homestyle MEXICAN food. I don't think we've ever had a dish we didn't enjoy. Perhaps a little out-dated but it's homey and is Rosie's. The staff works hard and provides superior service. Our favorite time to go is breakfast with Senor Fox. "Fill it up!",|,
Vegans!!! This is a hidden gem on Main Street! TONS of vegan options; smoothies, coffee, tea and bubble tea! Including soy, rice, almond, coconut and hemp milk! Organic is a big deal, too and Gaia Java gets it right! Plus, 80% of the pastries are vegan as well ~ right on! I highly recommend swinging in, alone or with a group. Fantastic atmosphere with amazing artwork for sale... Will definitely be coming here more often :o),|,
This is a great summer after work spot.  It's sad to see people write negative reviews of this place!  The food and prices are great but it's pretty much about the atmosphere.  You're outside, on the docks with music playing and it's all good.  I love coming here on Friday nights.  Hopefully the loud music keeps the 1 star yelpers away from this place.,|,
I went in after parking downtown just because it was close, and I wasn't looking for anything specific. The yogurt BLEW ME AWAY, and my friend and I got another one. They have so many flavors, and each flavor is intense! I highly recommend it.,|,
The macaroni and cheese dish, with a name such as "ultimate" or "exquisite" (it escapes me now) is worthy of its moniker.  A rich, creamy blend of camembert  cheese and two other cheeses along with truffle oil made this dish a sensory explosion of taste for my mouth.  The crispy lardon provided a nice counterbalance to the softness of the noodles.    The tapas-style portion makes it a nice light meal before an evening of entertainment at the casino theatre.,|,
Il Piatto is a great neighborhood Italian restaurant near my house.  I've been coming here for years and never had a bad meal.  I really do not understand the bad reviews. I think it's the closest in Portland to the food I ate in Northern Italy.,|,
I lovvvvveeeeeee the people here. They're always friendly. The place is always clean. And the food is amazing!!! YESSSSS.... EVERY TIME. Did I forget to mention that they're a BLACK owned:)),|,
Excellent! Perfect fusion of sushi and burger!!!  Highly recommend all American burgushi and deliverance roll.,|,
They only do natural nails but they do them so well. No machines just pure talent. The free drink is nice and the shop is nice and serene. The technicians are nice and good at what they do.,|,
Good is consistent and this they certainly are. I noticed they do party trays also, good to know. The inside is traditional. The variety is what I truly appreciate,|,
Wish I could come here more often! It is consistently great - both service and food. One restaurant where you can't go wrong!  I would definitely recommend eating here! Be sure to make a reservation, even week nights are busy.,|,
Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and very well kept. Not to mention FUNNEL CAKES! Could use a slightly bigger craft beer selection but this place is a great place to stop by early on Saturday, people watch and kick back.,|,
Great Bar specials- 25 cent wings and 2.99 pizzas were very good...Bartender was very attentive and friendly,  I would definitely recommend this place for a good affordable lunch.,|,
Always good and at a great price. Been eating here for years. Service is great, food is great, Mojitos are great. Why not five stars I don't know.,|,
Every time we order online it gets screwed up and they almost never read the comments. I order a bowl with double steak (which costs extra) there isn't double steak. Today, we found orange slime in their ice machine which is disgusting. I understand the long wait due to people flooding them with orders but if I have to wait until 6:45 for my 6:15 order at least get it right!,|,
This beauty supply store looks pretty dreary from the outside but it actually had some diamonds in the rough.  GOOD FOR: wholesale shampoo.,|,
I LOVED IT! I have never been to Santouka and I probably won't go ever since I have Marutama right across the street. No lineups so we sat down right away, service was good, food came out fast, and it was bombbbbbbbb.  Had the ramen with the soft boiled egg and it was AMAZING. Soft boiled egg was amazing I almost fainted (not an exaggeration)   Do yourself a favour when you see that hella long santouka line and cross the street over to Marutama!!!!,|,
I live around the corner and this is my go to for out of town guests! Beautiful outdoor seating/entertainment in the summer.  Great for after dinner drinks in a relaxed atmosphere. Love that its located in a piece of Boston's history (old Boston Police Dept Headquarters) located inside the beautiful Loew's Hotel on Berkley St.,|,
Must tries: the donut holes and the vegan cinnamon sugar donut.  I've had a LOT of vegan donuts and Union Square's vegan cinnamon sugar donut is top tier (even for non-vegans). If you've ever had the pleasure of eating an Asian donut made with glutinous rice flour and enjoyed it, definitely go for it. So airy, fluffy, and chewy!,|,
Great Food.  Reminded me of growing up in Guam when my dad was stationed there in the navy.   Great service and high quality ingredients.  Pickled Papaya was a nice surprise and tasted just like the weekend markets on the island.   Flavors are spot on with a good balance of heat.  Portions are good.,|,
Wonderful Boston Italian restaurant.  I had the Cape Oysters and they were excellent.  Nice selection of wines and not over priced.,|,
Great attentive service, generous portions, and tasty food.  I too no nothing about Colombian food, but what ever we got was great!!! The garlic sauce with the green plantain was powerful...burping garlic, but worth it.  It looks like they had a full bar and the place was very clean.  It looked like the restaurant was about 75% full...but we were the only non Latin folks there.,|,
Allison C's service was A1!  great place to hang out and grab a few drinks and socialize with a few friends. The atmosphere is especially great on the weekends when the live DJ is on,|,
Out of sheer desparation I broke my own promise to myself "I'll never waste money here again during lunch!" and decided... OK - I've had medicore experiences here but I typically ordered the same thing. Maybe if I try something else I'll be pleasantly surprised.  WRONG.  One word: soggy.  What is with this place? It's a soggy mess. And not only is it a soggy mess... it was more than $10.00 for a sponge like sandwich, wet fries and a soda.  You're officially dead to me UFood.,|,
My boyfriend and I have been coming for Swahili at least once a month or something first few times it was really good, the past 3 times it has been an awful. The wait staff is rude, the main bar tender and the girl with pink hair, the foods gross and we will not be returning.,|,
After reading many positive reviews of Pho Oregon, I had high expectations that were disappointed on my first visit. The pho was good, but not remarkable. And the harshly lit interior was cluttered and dingy. Not everyone is as aesthetically sensitive, but I would gladly pay more to dine in more inspiring surroundings.  If you're in the hood, it's worth a try. But there's no need to make a special pilgrimage to Pho Oregon.,|,
Stop showing your damn commercials in Savannah nearest one is a hour away Damn i miss Atlanta,|,
With change in ownership the food has gone downhill. It's terrible and I won't be back.,|,
i went to the opening party for Bloomsberry Floral last night. What a charming little shop! It's full of potted plants, including some succulents in really cool cement planters. There are cut flowers too, and some fun hanging terrariums. There are also vases and some gifty items.   The florist/owner was there and is very nice. I'm putting this new shop into my rotation of frequent visiting spots.,|,
Good creative food in a fun atmosphere. Service is very friendly and attentive.,|,
This place had very good service and the food was good. Serving size was more then enough, had to take some home w me. The free internet was actually working and the surrounding was nice and relaxing. I could actually have a conversation with my guest and hear him. Overall enjoyed my lunch time today!,|,
Yummy restaurant in animal kingdom. Chicken tikka masala was very delicious... Plenty of spicy sauce and tender chicken! Lo mein with chicken and shrimp was enough for two kids to share. Passion fruit lemonade was worth it for kids.,|,
Awesome idea with a warm and welcoming staff. This place is a really cute eatery that combines two great sweets: waffles and ice cream. They also add a fantastic sauce (try the lemon) and are fun to talk with. I didn't really like the winding layout of the restaurant and it would be nice if they had fountain drinks. Other than that well done!,|,
The service here is top notch and everything we expect from a WDW experience.   The food here is delicious! We had the lettuce cups to start, then followed by the chicken kabobs, and finally the dessert wontons. Everything was wonderful and we will come here again the next time we visit Animal Kingdom.,|,
Food was awesome, only thing is , I wish it was served much hotter , some food was cold, other than that staff was wonderful and my food taste like heaven especially my jerk chicken , it was awesome,|,
So sad! Had meeting space rented with dinner. Food was just a bit warm sure not hot. They put tea out but no hot water. Room was very cold, we all had our coats on. One star because the room is clean and one because it's easy to find.,|,
Both my husband and I are clients here.  He sees George and is very happy with him.  I see Donna and think she is great.  She listens and does exactly what I ask, and always has the best suggestions when I am unsure.  I get color, foils, cut and blow dry and she is very skilled at all of these.  The other hairdressers also seem great, although I have never personally seen any of them.  The salon is very clean and modern looking, and the location is good.,|,
Such a great nail salon! Everyone was so kind and welcoming. They really take their time with what they do--I got a pedicure and a manicure and they're both perfect. Great services for an amazing price. I'll definitely be coming back.,|,
The absolute best place I have ever had my nails done. Very happy with my nails. They were very nice and helpful when helping me to decide what to do.  Very clean, I will definately be going back and I highly reccommend this establishment to anyone!!!,|,
While the food is good, I don't know if it is good enough to wait 2 hours in line for. The burgers are juicy to be sure and there are some creative takes with toppings, but the dining experience leaves something to be desired. All in all, Hopdoddy is good, but not mind blowing.,|,
So good. The food is amazing. My kids love to feed the fish after dinner. Great family restaurant,|,
I liked the sausages, the beer, and the vibe! Must try the humongous choux.,|,
The prices left a bad taste in my mouth. I ordered one of the virgin drinks and ask for a little gin in it. I fully expected to pay more by adding alcohol. The virgin drink was $8 and they charged me TEN (!!!) additional to add the gin. This is highway robbery considering that the average price of the other cocktails on the menu was $14-$16. Very nice bar and the food looked great, but I can't bring myself to give them any more of my business after this experience.,|,
Restaurant is closed....Was planning to go there for dinner last night, a Saturday, as Open Table was accepting reservations for the restaurant...got there and there was a "closed-thank you" sign on the door....,|,
Overrated pizza. Racist staff. I have been to all pizza joints in East Boston and I have to say this is nothing special. That, mixed with the "we don't like your kind 'round here" attitude from the staff, is definitely a deal breaker for me.,|,
Yes. I am reviewing a place to eat at the Lloyd Center food court. I do consider my culinary taste above food courts. But... I love this place. It is nice to be able to find a healthy option to fuel my shopping energy. And I am not gonna lie... I have made a few trips here just to get some take out. What keeps me coming back? The BAO! The salad rolls are pretty decent too, and the dumplings, and the tea, and....,|,
This is my favorite food truck at the hitch! Always absolutely delicious, never dissatisfied.,|,
Great selection of succulents and cacti of all sizes and everyone was very helpful when asked. They also sell arrangements and they're super unique. You can have your new succulents potted by them for a fee, I really enjoyed this place. Leashed dogs are welcome.,|,
Good quality poke with a wide variety of toppings.   The portions for each toppings is not as generous as Poke Guy on Richards Street, but still fair.   I got the regular bowl with a mix of salad and brown rice with (2) scoops of poke and (5) toppings - total came to around $14.50 (including tip).   Service is fast and friendly.,|,
Found a huge bug in my salad. Halfway through the salad I discovered this bug. I almost threw up. I found the leg first, then found it's huge black body. Ugh!,|,
I loved this place!! the sushi is so good! got something to go from here, so did not experience the service.. but food wise, the sushi is great!  I wish they would deliver to the downtown area! Would definitely order from here more!,|,
Friday night tasting menu + splitting a bottle with a buddy = awesome,|,
Mike with repair was  unbelievably knowledgeable about my Gibson acoustic and what it needed.  He fixed everything and cleaned her up while I waited.  I am relieved that I found him.,|,
5 for service, 5 for cocktails and 3.5 for food. Division Bell was a superb cocktail with Mezcal, Maraschino, Aperol and lime juice balancing very well. Food was mixed: plate of tasty olives; charcuterie was tender chicken ballontine; wonderful buttery mussels; bland octopus; slightly tough sirloin steak with not quite enough Bearnaise; interesting lobster bolognese. Service was excellent.   Reasonable prices especially for the cocktails ($8-9). Definitely would go back.,|,
Best Mexican food I have ever eaten by far. Absolutely delicious. Everything was authentic. The personal working we're very nice as well. Highly recommended this place.,|,
While trying to decide which food truck to get some lunch from I noticed a long line and thought they must be good to have that kind of line.  So, I got in line when I was almost to the window I discovered it was vegetarian.  I didn't want to go stand in another line so I said what the heck I will try it.  Was I pleasantly surprised for $5 I got a whole bowl of yumminess.,|,
Agree with the others here that De Bens is a great classic barber shop.  Whenever I go in (appointment or not), I haven't had to wait or anything.  TJ does a really good job cutting my hair.,|,
This is my new go-to Thai place. Not only is the food delicious, no matter what I order, they are SO NICE! We've had excellent meals whether at the restaurant or take home! YUM!!,|,
When my wife shops with our toddler they always walk her cart out and load her groceries in her car so she can focus her attention on our son. I can't thank them enough for going above and beyond to keep our family safe and taking something off of my wife's plate. Thank you HEB!!,|,
This place has amazing food. I have only ordered delivery, but the food is just so great. Definitely one of the best pizza places in the area.,|,
The original Rodeo Diner has added another diner to the family!  Same family owners; same good cooking. If you're there when Theresa makes her Hawaiian cake, be sure to have a piece... It's delicious!,|,
I love this store!!! Oh and the restaurant upstairs is great place to spend a lazy Sunday. They  make great bloody marys!!!,|,
Okay this hotel is not that bad!!! We arrived around 10am and got a text that our room was ready!! Awesome!!! We stayed in the 50s, 4th floor. Room was clean! Our bags came after a few hours in one piece, it was very convenient. At night, it was very quite!! We were in the parks all day so I can't comment on the pools or other amenities.,|,
Love this hair salon! They have a very comfortable an relaxing environment. During any of your services they provide hand massage, they washing station has the most comfortable chairs, u get a scalp & neck massage during your wash, then an awesome blowout. Prices are reasonable considering its a non gratuity salon.,|,
Really tasty chicken. It's succulent, savory and yummy! The tortillas were very good, as were the accompanying sauces!,|,
Great atmosphere, amazing and authentic food, and a great selection of sake with some Japanese beers on tap. There's nothing more you could ask for. You might break the bank, but your money is well spent on such delicious and quality food. I can't wait to come back and keep trying more of the menu. Also, hope you get lucky that they're doing takoyaki during your visit because it was fantastic.,|,
Very poor customer service, the cash register is kinda hidden behind a wall. It was my 1st time and I was asked if I wanted to order takeout I said yes, the woman walked away. Another woman walked in and around the corner and they took her order! I was like oh , u could have told me to order around the corner and not at the front desk area, which was the only area in sight. Have gone again service still lacking,|,
YAY, THEY ARE BACK! The food is so delicious again. We went two weeks ago with family and we haven't stopped talking about it. We had BeeT Carpaccio, with feta and candied pecans and it so was delightful. The Arancini were crispy with just the right amount of gooey cheese. OMG, whatever you did Gustos, please do not change it again!!! Fingers crossed the old Lasagna Recipe makes a resurgence too. :) :) :),|,
Quick Tip: For Sunday brunch, get a bloody mary. Better yet, get one of the spicy ones. They were delicious and with a kick of fun.   Another quick tip: the omelettes are HUGE. I mean, I know in the gay community size matters, but really, these omelettes were meant for two people.   And the servers were too cute and serviceable.,|,
At 7p, I walked in for a haircut, as the call ahead list was booked. The receptionist told me they weren't accepting any other patrons for the night. They don't close until 8p.  Receptionist didn't offer anything except to try the downtown location, which closed at 9p.,|,
It says you close at midnight tonight. Attempted to enter at 11pm and you are closed. Bummer.,|,
I've only stepped foot in a Wal-Mart once and only because I was in desperate and quick need of sneakers. But Target is a whole 'nother story! I heart Target. It's the super hip everything you need in once place store. I dig the clothes, I dig the frames and I definitely dig the ads. From Mizrahi to Malomars, you can have a whole lot of fun here!,|,
Meh. Food was not that great and the outdoor seating was kind of okay. We wanted to see the beer menu but they didn't have one. The waitress kind of blurted out a list of 10 beers and we had to choose one. It wasn't super cold. We ordered some sea food off of the menu and I wasn't impressed with my red snapper at all.  Overall the whole experience was just meh. Not a dinner place I guess? I haven't tried it for breakfast or brunch.,|,
The Boyfriend and I have eaten here twice in the last 6 weeks.  The fries are really, really good.  Their cheeseburgers are okay. I'm spoiled by the great California places; In-N-Out, and Tommy's World Famous.  Frankly, The Big Carl at Carl's Jr., and even a Big Mac are better than these burgers.   How can they have so many toppings and sauces but no Thousand Island-like sauce???,|,
Writing this review while still at the restaurant with my family.   Villagio is a beautiful place.  The food is fairly good.  Carbonata appetizer is awesome, as is the bruschetta.  Main plates left something to be desired.  My meatball was not very tasty, although the fettuccini Alfredo is quite good.  Next time I would get the pizzas, I saw some coming from the kitchen and they looked great!,|,
great location, great service, great food. One of my favorite places to go in Yaletown.,|,
A good option for pizza delivery in the South End.  Wide selection of toppings allow you to really customize your pizza (Quattro Stagioni, anyone?).  Definitely a "must try" if you are the order-in type!  A bit tastier, and more reasonably priced than Picco.  Update to my earlier review - they seem to be skimping on the cheese lately, so I would ask for extra cheese for sure.,|,
Great Family Style Italian chain.  WAY BETTER than popular Vinny T's.  Good portions.  Amazing pasta and very consistent.  Love the four-cheese ravioli!!  ALSO great desserts.  Can't get enough of "Nonna's pound cake" w/ sugar coated bannas and fudge---ohhh my gosh! .  (Sometimes would just go to the bar for this dessert.)  It gets crowded fast and can be noisy.  Wise to make reservations.,|,
Great food, great atmosphere. Can't wait to come back. The ribeye & gold standard beer were fantastic. Kris is a phenomenal chef!,|,
Great location! With in store seating and on the corner of a park or on the docks. Amazing smoothie selection and delicious frozen coffee! Friendly staff. Dog treat available!,|,
Ok guys this is a good place... i'm actually (real) Italian and if I go to an Italian restaurant I have high expectation bit I have to say this is very good for the price. Pasta is not extremely overcooked or salty as it usually is in Italian-American places. We have been here twice and tried Asian and Italian and both times the taste, quality, portion size and service were extremely good. We'll be back,|,
Food is average, selection was a disappointment. The reviews sounded like it was much more than a fast food burger joint. Over priced food and servers were slow, but did get the start of the food quickly had to wait forever for shake at 2 pm, no rush so would have expected much better service.,|,
Two dollar mimosas on Sundays and friendly bartenders always fun when we watch the charger games on Sundays,|,
Dumplings here are delish! The service was decent too. The chilli wontons and pork/chive dumplings were tasty. Note: if it's raining outside (which it often is in this town) the floors are very slippery. I stepped in and almost bailed on the tiles, then I watched a few others do the same.,|,
Another gem in the North End. Their service and food is fantastic- desserts on the other hand are forgettable.  I tasted everyones dish that I was with at Prezza and each was different and well done. I recommend the wood grilled squid for and potato gnocchi bolognese!  Great meal at Prezza. I especially like the fact that it is tucked away off Hanover St- perfect for date night.,|,
Had the mushrooms skillet and the Coca (chorizo on bread). Both were tasty. But the flavors do not mix, in case you are sharing. Ordered tea and coffee with a waffle (pistachio and rose water). Also very good. The wait is long, an hour and 15 minutes, but the host is pretty good on estimating the wait, so just go window shopping on Robson.  For our visit, the staff are friendly and efficient.,|,
Found them thanks to everyone's rave reviews!  Very friendly, quick, and affordable! Since I don't have to get emissions tests very often, I will only be seeing them once a year, and their awesomeness actually makes me look forward to my next test!,|,
YUM! There's only 6 flavors available at once. My friends and I didn't realize that it would be inside a Philly house? Anyways, it was a short walk from our hotel so why not? $5 for one scoop seemed a little obnoxious but you won't want more than one. Super savory. I got the salted caramel, delicious. My friends got pretzel, strawberry and melon. All were yummy. The strawberry is similar to a strawberry mentos flavor versus a traditional strawberry ice-cream flavor. It was delicious either way.,|,
They are very friendly and very nice , they never have problem there , & already prepared their foods when they go to the drive in area . Their boss ( manger ) should give all the employee A A+ 100 for doing a excellent jobs.,|,
Quick service, but overpriced for what it is and its ambiance. Not really a relaxing place, but this airport terminal has so few food options. Had the fried shrimp, which was good but not worth 23.99...,|,
Easily best taco in Austin. Be patient, it's worth it. The pastor is heaven. For $1.50... TAKE MY MONEY,|,
This place needs to franchise out! Wonderful concept and great food! A must if you like clean food. They grind the meat every day. They use beef with no hormones. The veggie burgers are great! The produce is farm to market fresh. They also have a great bar and they make sure you have a drink in hand right away. Gotta love that!,|,
It was a little spendy, and typically I would've felt a little out of place somewhere so fancy feeling. But I felt right at home and the food was worth every dime. I highly reccomend the portobello, spinach, artichoke omelet.,|,
We brought friends from Mexico there for dinner. They have a decent wine selection and the food is very good. Portions are generous so bring your appetite! It is quite loud so if you are looking for quiet and romantic, this is not the place. We had to pay for valet ($17), so heads up... Definitely will come back for a hearty Italian meal.,|,
I am not a vegan but wanted to try something new. The food was great! On the suggestion of the gentleman who took my order I had the shrimp Poboy with a kale salad. It was excellent and very flavorful. I will definitely be back as I try to figure out this healthier eating lifestyle!,|,
Quick, cheap, good quality eats. I got the pork kimchi and grilled shrimp tacos. Both had a ton of authentic Korean flavors with the spicy kick!   Super cheap with my total being around $7.,|,
Ate there last night after giving this place a one year rest. Level of food and service were back up to a high level--just like the old days when we came here 15 years ago.  Clam chowder was amazing, rock shrimp were tiny but tasty. Fried oysters were cooked perfect. I'll start going back,|,
Best steak ever. We have been here three times in 5 months, enjoying each experience as much as the previous. This is our favorite restaurant in Austin. The chefs counter is a great experience to interact with staff while they prepare the foods, while also affording you the possibility of getting little tastes here and there of something you might not have ordered. The food quality, service, drink selection and overall quality of dining experience is top notch.,|,
I love Ethiopian food and I LOVE this place! Super yummy vegetarian items, very polite staff and clean. This joint gets busy so arrive early on weekends, if you have a larger party.,|,
looks like new management; lots of updates to the physical place: new paint, new salsa bar, new neon menu. But now the food sucks. They've got daily specials at great prices, but...crappy fish tacos are crappy fish tacos whether they're $.99 or $2.99. These were crap. Frozen spongy fish, way over salted, mealy yuckiness. My fav pickled carrots and onions were lame. They're charging for the housemade, super salty chips now as well. Too many taco shacks on BuHi to settle for this!  NEXT!!!,|,
So impressed by the friendly staff and amazing food. I ordered the scallops and glad I did. Expect to wait on your food but you should anyway if you are going for fresh! Excellent excellent service!,|,
The reviews on this cafe are all over the place.  I find it to be so-so and therefore I rarely go there.  The staff are usually friendly and efficient. The food is reasonably good but the biscuits are disappointintg.,|,
The food was fine, but the atmosphere was strictly Kindercare. A toddler was running around the restaurant unsupervised screeching at the top of her lungs. When I spoke to the manager, he agreed that management has a responsibility to intervene when patrons are disturbing others. But he than added he would be hesitant to approach the parents in the event the child had a "speech impediment.",|,
Reasonably priced, tasty local joint. Lots of goodies you would see at the Flying Elephants downtown as well as the original Elephant's Deli. Beers for pretty cheap compared to a typical restaurant. Food is fresh. Probably one of the best places you can get non-airport food in an airport!,|,
Same as my friend Jamie above.    I KNOW the food is good at Scoozis.  I am a fan, especially their panini's and pizza. But my last experience (service-wise) was just really dissappointing and left me and my party in a crappy mood.  Who wants to leave a restaurant in a bad mood?  But Katie was professional and respectful, and I appreciate/understand her concern.    Looking forward to going back and giving it another shot.  Thanks Katie.,|,
Love the food and the price here.... But the waitress service was horrible that's why I give 3 star...,|,
Love this place, the tacos are always on point. Plus with how busy they are, they always manage to Fer your food out quickly. The salsas are nice also. The staff is very friendly and laid back, great joint to go to if you want some good tacos.,|,
Found Natasha via Yelp after she responded to an appointment request. She's very sweet and FAST!! She did a great job on my nails. I'll definitely be back.,|,
Just as good as the last time I had it! Maybe even better?? :) The staff are friendly and professional, food is out of this world and the ambience is superb. I wish there was a Hopdoddy where I live!!,|,
If you're in Cambridge and you need a sushi fix, Blue Fin is a great place to fill your craving.  This small, but reasonably priced, sushi spot offers a number of great rolls and nigri and other traditional Japanese dishes.  Even though there are bigger and flashier sushi spots in Boston, this one is well worth sampling.  You wont be disappointed.     Insiders note: try the garlic chicken.,|,
Who can deny great seafood? No one. Summer Shack has some of the freshest seafood, directly from the fisherman in Boston. I had a 1-1/4 lb Lobster for $20 last night, and it was phenomenal.  Not only is the food great but so is the service. Awesome sports bar within the restaurant, with a projector and a pool table. They have five locations within greater Boston, so go to one near you!,|,
The only place I could get this cute BIRDIE CAKE in Boston area. Much better than the Tour Les Jours store in downtown Boston, I love the artistic decoration and the atmosphere here. Since the store are full of great tasting and good looking bakeries, the staffs are willing to help me choose the best cake and very patient with my indecision. I would also recommend matcha espresso. Thank Phillip for my beautiful drink .,|,
First off I didn't even get to try the food.   I went into the restaurant and was met by a disgusting smell.  I stood there for several minutes and was not helped.  And most of the signage was not in English.   I Love all kinds of Asian food but these things added up to me walking out.   Just my experience.,|,
Love this place. I swear it feels like home. The food is cooked fresh so it take a little bit but not to long. The Embilta special is great to share. The owner is welcoming and always kind. I choose this spot over some of the more popular spots in Atlanta any day.,|,
I ate here with my family on New Year's Eve (entering 2008) while visiting relatives in the area.  This particular Uno's seemed a bit small and cramped to me (with the usual long wait that happens around the dinner hours), but still had the usual classic decor that all the Uno's locations have.  Our waiter was very friendly and the salmon (along with the mashed potatoes and steamed broccoli that I always order as my sides) was wonderful.,|,
I was super excited to try this place but ended up not liking it as much as I thought I would. I'm glad I can say I tried it though. The donuts were way too sweet and stale. The cashier was pretty rude and the place was so humid. This is not a place I'd recommend to anyone.,|,
The best Thai food I have ever had. Everything was so delicious especially the taro fritters!,|,
Heavenly... is how I will describe this FROYO joint. As soon as we walked in we were welcomed by Bran, who was efficient in a way that he does not only stay behind the counter but he goes out to the table area to make sure customers were made to feel comfortable. The yogurt tasted great and the "buffet" of toppings from candies to fresh fruits, not to mention the bobas...were to die for! Love, love, love Portland!,|,
Whoever "Carlo" is, he should be crowned king of Italy. Try the chicken parmesan.,|,
If you're looking for a laid back, cool place to "hang out" that just happens to have excellent food then this is the place.  If you go once it'll quickly become a tradition.  They have pint nights and trivia nights.  Every time I've been it's been a little different but I always have a good time and it's nice that they have a  late night menu.  Those can be hard to find in this town.  Especially good ones.,|,
I didn't even know I liked Indian food until I went to Bukhara. Their food is amazing. I always order the veggie Korma or the cheese Korma, both mouth-wateringly good, I'm even getting hungry for them just sitting here writing about it. The prices are not bad, I don't remember exactly, but I think entrees are like $12 or so and you do get enough to have leftovers.,|,
One of the better 24 hour pho places in the Burmaby area. Staff isn't too friendly but at least the food comes out fast. Good for groups.,|,
Things are fresh and good here. The menu is a checklist and the wines are admirable.,|,
We arrived and were seated promptly. Ordered a Bloody Mary, eh. Our food arrived within fifteen minutes, pretty impressed and it was delicious. I ordered the Belgian waffles with the green tomato syrup on the side and bacon. Omg it was so good! My bf ordered the brisket hash and a side of sausage. Again really tasty. Only complaint is they took food to box up and never brought it back :(,|,
I had the pleasure of dining at the hotel bar and met Ryan, bartender, which introduced me to a fantastic cocktail.  "Naked and Afraid". He customized it based on my request and it was fabulous. Not to mention my dinner was fabulous. Grilled salmon with grilled asparagus cooked perfectly! All in all it was a great drinking and dining experience at the hotel bar at the newly renovated Marriott Downtown Orlando. Highly recommend and please ask for Ryan.,|,
1. No one greeted us at door. We waited 5 minutes , while their staff ignored us. 2. They sat us down on a table for 1. Meanwhile, a selfish woman was sitting at a table for 4 sipping her coffee and reading a magazine like it's a coffee shop. 3. Waited another 20 minutes and nothing. Others were getting helped, while we were completely ignored.  This was my first time here and I eat out a lot. You can count on never seeing me, my wife, and our friends here again,|,
Lily did my nails and pedicure she is amazing. I will recommend anyone to come here. The service is awesome and the energy in this place is peaceful.,|,
The fried braised brisket empanadas are really good. The filling is a little sweet and reminds me a bit like the Chinese Char Siu Pau. The fried sweet corn empanadas are pretty good as well. Subtly sweet, thick and creamy filling.  The glazed pork cheeks came in 3 pieces glazed in Malbec caramelized sugar and vinegar. The duck breast is probably my #1 favorite. Perfectly cooked, soft and slightly red.,|,
Overpriced restaurant and poor service. The lobster bun costs $16 which is way over priced.  The soda comes with half glass of big ice cubics. I know the rent could be expensive near the mall, but seven lamps is ridiculously pricy compared to other restaurants in Lenox.,|,
Delightful dining experience!  Visited Besito Sunday night with a large group.  No one was disappointed.  Food was delicious, spinach, plantain and roasted corn sides very tasty; tortilla soup divine, apps very well done, particularly table side guacamole (everyone loved it), entrees delicious and dessert outstanding!  Would return in a heart beat.  Atmosphere beautiful and service top notch. Congrats to all at Besito!,|,
Wanted to try authentic Italian food, and was unimpressed. The place looked nice with a phantom gourmet sticker and so I was expecting food that was decent. The meatballs and spaghetti I got tasted like tomato mixed with water. I don't know what authentic Italian food is supposed to taste like but Olive Garden or Mall good shouldn't taste better. I might give it another shot one day, but I guess I'll see.,|,
The spicy Shrimp in the appetizer was packed with flavor, probably my favorite shrimp dish, but the bed of greens was out-of-the-bag salad with julienne cucumber, very pedestrian.,|,
Simply put - Hands down the BEST gyro I have ever eaten!  I highly recommend this place for tasty Mediterranean food.  You won't be disappointed.,|,
I have eaten several meals here.   Both lunch and dinner.  It is much better value at lunch time.  One of my favorites is the miso Cod.  The desert trio is also excellent.  For lunch or a late dinner it is usually fairly quiet.  If you are there around happy hour it can be quit noisy.,|,
This was our first hot pot experience in Boston.  After reading the reviews from Yelp, I was excited.  The reviews were spot on this time.  We were seated upstairs on a Sunday afternoon.  The place was pretty much empty.  We ordered  the Japanese curry and kimchi curry base, with a vegetable plate and a lamb/chicken plate.  Overall, a great place to check out on a cold winter day for some flavorful soup.  Prices were decent and the concept of creating your own soup was fun!!,|,
If you've never had the pleasure of experiencing Korean food- this is the only game in town. A welcome addition to Boston. The food is delightfully light and fresh. Try the Ba Bim Bap for two which arrives at your table in a sizzling stone bowl. You stir it up and gobble it up. Great place for a romantic evening for foodies or groups. Dig in! Meat lover or Veg alike will agree it's simply delicious.,|,
What happened!!??   Where did the sandwich & salad combo go?  My favorite lunch item was removed from the menu!   I loved (past tense) to go their with my work friends to have lunch.  I would get 1/2 steak sandwich (or other sandwich) and this wonderful salad they had, but now - it is gone.  I don't know that I am going back here again.  It was reasonable and delicious.  Now it is gone!,|,
Loved it. Party of three tried different burgers and really liked all three. Great onion rings good sweet potato tater tots. Nacho sat by us and was very friendly. Glad we took the ferry from Boston.,|,
Solid middle of the road chain, I had the fish tacos which were pretty good. The rice and beans as a side were better than expected.,|,
This is a pretty decent Five Guys, as far as Five Guys go. The staff is friendly, the food is just as fast (or slow...) as other Five Guys locations I've been to, and the food is fresh. I find Five Guys to be a bit overpriced, but that's not the fault of this location.  Good parking, near a lot of other things... so, overall this place is a-okay!,|,
Molana has one of the most tender Chicken Bargs I have ever had in my life! (and I have had alot of them) So delicious,  beautifully seasoned,  and super tender. We also got the Koubideh, that was also well seasoned, was cooked well, and was still juicy and tender. And last, but not least, the Ghorme Sabzi was so great. The strew could use a little more beans, but it was so well-cooked and tasted like those you'd have at your mom's or auntie's house Keep up the great work, Molana!,|,
The Black Bear Diner is like Denny's but with character and great food. The menu is big, the portions are bigger, they serve breakfast all day and everyone in my family of 4 were happy with their meals.,|,
An ok place, staff are friendly but we were placed in an area that our server had with 2 large parties. Food came out at best warm and had to be sent back. Looks nice in presentation, fair in taste and a bit too salty.,|,
We came here on our last day of our vacation. The decor is very nice inside and the staff is friendly. We tried the dim sum and overall about 8-10 dishes. The quality is good and authentic but a little on the pricey side. I would come back again.,|,
Its awesome to have a super hero store...  Its like entering into The Shield.  The reason I gave it only three stars is because its such a tiny store...  It gets packed quickly and warm inside.,|,
Two successful visits and will certainly be hitting up this place for lunch pretty regularly. A great addition to the Decatur scene. The empanadas at five bucks for two with some greens is a great buy, and adding a side for two more bucks gives you probably the most economical filling meal in town. The arepas are fine, too.,|,
Place has a trendy atmosphere and food is okay but nothing special. Will probably comeback,|,
Great steak.  Really enjoyed the meal and the evening.  Very top cut steak and service comparable with high-end steakhouses.  Quaint location.,|,
Grew up on the meatball grinders and green pepper and onion pizza from this place, since back when a small sub was $2.37 with tax.  If I could get them to deliver to San Francisco, I'd be all set.  Sigh, it's SOOO all about the burrito here.  It's like a comfort food for me -- if I go visit my family, I try to make a stop there.,|,
We were seated in 10 minutes. Then no one took our order no one even asked us what we wanted to drink and they aren't even that busy. TERRIBLE SERVICE!,|,
Meh. I want so badly to add another star. I actually love the low-key market environment with tubs of prepared salads and spreads and a deli counter, it's my absolute favorite way to lunch. But the chicken shwarma wrap was just bland. It was definitely fresh enough, but I just couldn't get any flavor from the chicken, it was like eating a tube of straight tahini.  I will be back to try something else on recommendation from everyone I know who raves about this place.,|,
Very nice beer. Great environment . Nice people. They have different beers from evwrywhere. The environment is very joyful and fun. It is a great place to go and relax,|,
This place was amazing. Casual dining featuring fresh food, great drinks, fun atmosphere with very nice servers.  I can't wait to come back!,|,
The only think I have to say about Ha VL is that it definitely deserves 5 stars. Don't expect anything more than a tiny restaurant with old metal tables and shared seating. Only expect the two soups or short Bahn mi menu to be exceptional every time. I faithfully eat the Turmeric soup every Sunday....,|,
I really cant say anything bad about this place. Be prepared to wait in line if you are going at a peak time but I promise that they keep the line moving! I sat at the bar - the service was amazing!! I had the Llano Poblano w/ caramelized onions and it was fantastic. I also had the truffle fries, a mini margarita (called a little Larry and it was strongggg, lol) and a Lonestar. My tab came to $25 so it's very reasonably prices. I'd absolutely come back the next time I am in town.,|,
Wow. Stunning. Accommodating. Romantic. Modern. As close to perfect as you can get.   No amateur review could do Juniper justice. Thank you!,|,
This is a very good restaurant. The food was awesome. The burger BLT & C was awesome. The onion ring were very good. My wife got the homemade chips. They were fantastic. Her club sandwich was very good. These guys even had craft beer and it was not over priced. We will definitely be back here again. I even love the decorations all around the restaurant.  But I didn't see a Tennessee Volunteers flag  lol,|,
Have been here 4 or 5 times and was happy each time. Service was great the employees there are enthusiastic and friendly. Portions are good, prices are good, and one if the more tastier places downtown. Will definitely be coming back.,|,
This is probably a good restaurant. But to be honest every time I go there, my food is always cold. They need to heat it to the right temperature and by the way the restaurant was just open at that time. The only really good thing is the octopus if you are a seafood or spicy fan. But that's the only really good thing other than the ice cream. Please step up your game.,|,
if you are meeting someone who is chronically late, establish this as your spot and kill time browsing through hootenany, a great little clothing store, or newbury comics, or even just to use the public bathroom and atm.  hosts some decent restaurants of the smaller chain variety (ben and jerry's, pho pasteur), and stacked outside newbury are all the local free entertainment mags one could ever desire.,|,
Stopped in to look at refurbished Windows computers.  I was delighted with the help I got in selecting one (a Dell Latitude E5120); the sales person was interested in exactly what I wanted to do with the device and he helped me find one well within my price constraints (cheap).  Service and product they sold me could not have been better.   Highly recommend this place.  Keep it up.,|,
I just came here for the first time this week and had the pumpkin soup and the chicken blta. Both were amazing but the soup was my favorite. I will return to this place because I received awesome lunch service.. and I want to try the other things on the menu. My only complaint was that there are no "lunch" prices. Even though the food will keep me coming back for sure!,|,
I lived in Greece for a few months and this is the best Greek food I've tasted in the US! The ground up chick peas with pita given at every table is delicious. I had the falafel pita for lunch and the Greek ops fries are out of this world. Next time I'm in Orlando ill be back for dinner!,|,
This was a good choice for a rainy day ramen craving.  Menu is simple.  Additional toppings are available.  Chashu was cooked perfectly... tender and flavorful.  It is a small place but those usually are the better ones. I ordered the miso deluxe bowl and it was perfect amount of ingredients.  It wasn't too salty, although we were told it was the saltier of the three options. Definitely going there again.,|,
Fantastic! One of my favorite restaurants in Columbus. Wish there was a New Albany/ Westerville location.,|,
I sat on the porch near the water and ordered Mahi Mahi as well as Oreo explosion dessert. Fantastic service, excellent food.  Have not stopped talking about it! Will be back again soon.,|,
I had a facial with Lisa and it was amazing. I've had facials at day spas all over the world at hundreds of locations and this was the best. Lisa was not only great at giving the facial, she informed me about my skin type and helped me pick out the best skin care products for my type of skin. I can't wait to go back and I'm telling all my friends and family.  Eric,|,
The calzones are absolutely massive, and quite tasty. One is large enough to feed two adults, that's for sure! This place has been around for a long time. Come visit a NoPo tradition.,|,
My husband and I stop by this place every time we are downtown !! The Mango and Blackberry fro-yo is the best !!,|,
This was my first time trying Banh Mi and I didn't think I would like it but it was DELICIOUS! Not to mention it only cost $3 for a BBQ Beef Sandwich. The Sandwich was a pretty good size too! $3 is one of the most expensive items on the menu, that's how inexpensive the place is. The lunch rice and noodle boxes looked really good too and they were around $3. The people that worked there were definitely not Vietnamese but who cares? It tastes really good.,|,
First let me say I have never even been to the location, but after the treatment I got on the phone I will never set a foot in there. I made an appt on line was told I had to put my CC on file which was fine, but I guess since I didn't give it that day I got kicked out. When I called to give my card they had no record of my appt they guy on the phone was rude and not helpful at all. I told him it did not sound like he wanted to help me, so he hung up on me. So glad I found somewhere else.,|,
Pleasantly surprised I must say.  I heart Thai food with a passion, and have had yellow curry all over the place, and Thai hut could stand up to the challenge.  Not to mention the fact that it is exactly 1.5 blocks from my house and nicely inexpensive.  Huzzah.  The spring rolls were good, I would pass on the chicken satay next time.  My friend gobbled her pad thai with shrimp, from the look on her face I'd say she liked it.  Great value, good food.,|,
Great place! Best place in the area for a burger, hands down. I've explored the menu and have enjoyed everything I've tried. Awesome variety of craft beers on tap and a super friendly wait staff. The owner is a really friendly guy and is usually behind the bar and eager to please. Plus they do a great trivia on Wednesday nights!,|,
My back spasms were out of control so I made an apt with Sophie. Now mind you I'm a big guy, 5'11 220, so it's tough to get deep in the muscle but Sophie was amazing! I feel so much better, and I'm Looking forward to my apt next month!,|,
Come here for an excellent quality meal.  This is the place for authentic, delicious Pad Thai; it is to die for. They have a curry galore for everyone's preference. The Baan Thai garden is a great appetizer.  Don't forget to perfect your meal with Roti! It's the best dessert--perfect for any person's taste buds.,|,
Checked this place out for the 1st time last night....being $10 at the door, EHH, it was okay...had it been $5 perhaps my expectations wouldn't been so high. It's not the price of admission, just the mood of the place that night. The headliner seemed to be a bit irritated or perhaps he was just drunk...IDK.  This place is a HIT or MISS.    For me though, I think I'll stick with Cap City,|,
This place was amazing! Their food was the best Thai food I have had. It's a small place so only about 10 tables. While I was there a lot if people came in for pick up orders. I will definitely go back again and again.,|,
Amazing my nails were in a bad state they spent an adequate amount of time and it was extremely relaxing! I will definitely be coming back I have been searching for a nail place and I highly recommend them there service is superb,|,
Amazing food. Great patio. Great music, great vibe. The Menu is so well design and easy to understand. Great place for a quick sandwich as well as for a formal dinner with friends.,|,
Tried this place for the first time a few days ago and it was very delicious! The sides are tasty and I ordered spicy pork. Everything was made perfectly and the kimchi soup was my favorite. Service is kind and welcoming. I was immediately greeted at the door and the servers were sweet. I came during lunch time and it was quite busy but they were large and had enough tables to accommodate me and my friend. Overall this place is a great Korean restaurant for lunch and dinner!,|,
Arepa Mia is a no-frills Venezuelan restaurant known for their arepas (a corn-based "flatbread" popular in many South American counties). I ordered the Tres Queso breakfast arepa with eggs, bacon and a whole lot of flavor. The staff was friendly, the food came out fast and I left with a happy belly. What more can you ask for?,|,
Limited choices, varying quality, pricey for what you get. Chicken lacked flavor, salmon ok. Best aspect was the dessert assortment.,|,
Honestly the best bike shop in town. Only ever had incredible service, honest assessments and well priced repairs and parts. These guys are always down to do a quick tighten or tune up if you're in a pinch. They helped me build up two bikes now and both are great. Also, they always have the best music playing in the shop!,|,
Good Beer, and probably one of the best brewery open air patios in town. The bartenders are always nice and able to give a good recommendation for what to drink. Great place to sit in the sun and people watch on Mississippi Ave.,|,
Looks pretty much a hole in the wall. Ordered a small bowl of noodle soup. Came with a small dish of fresh basil and sprout. No complaint here. The soup tasted great. I didn't feel that thirsty after (i.e. my MSG indicator). I also ordered a chicken sub to take home, which was very tasty. The waitress while friendly does not speak very good English. So don't try to make your order too complicated.,|,
Great service and fun but was not as unique as I hoped ... think pf changs (sorry)  Lemon custard dessert was pretty good but not best in show worthy  Best of northeast? We tried five items or so and just didn't come away moved,|,
I love this place. It is a great dessert spot. It was extremely crowded, as it always is but we got in and out very quickly. I highly recommend the chocolate ice cream waffle cone.,|,
OK, I love this place.  Had a group birthday dinner there, had a girls night out there and even had a date there.  Clearly, good for all occasions.  I'm a fan of the pizza with asparagus (I don't remember the exact name).  It is never that packed which is fine by me; I prefer to enjoy my meal and not necessarily see-and-be-seen.  And oh yeah, check out the artwork on the wall (but don't point it out to your mother...),|,
One of my most favorite spots in Atlanta. You will NOT be disappointed. I love the spicy Kale wraps. So good!,|,
Social "Happy" Hour is a woman's best friend when transitioning from work to husband wife time.  Thank God for $30 at the saki bar!  My husband and I know where to go for great, almost perfect cuisine and ambience before, you know...wink, wink!,|,
Best steak experience in Boston. Colleen at the Bar was sweet and the conversation was great. Mile was great. 5 out o 5 and I have eaten at a lot of steak houses...,|,
The food was good, the beer selection impressive and the service par excellence. Great trifecta,|,
Had high expectations going in, but left disappointed. Granny's has a great selection but the wait is incredibly long for how few ingredients are in each taco. The tacos are good but nothing special, you can find much better at most gas station parking lot taco trucks.,|,
Love this spot. The food is pretty awesome. From burger to sushi.  Great ambience.  Best sake in town,|,
Worst customer service.  Have recently moved in to the area and been to this store a few times. On busy nights, don't expect to get waited on. We've been ignored twice in this store, and the staff is so unfriendly. The ice cream is okay. We tried to get a box of chocolates this evening, but after being ignored by both cashiers, we will not be going back. Go to Market Street Cafe, instead. They have the best milkshakes.,|,
The food here is pretty standard and the service is fast. I called my order in and was told it would be ready in 10 minutes and it was! I ordered the orange chicken and it was tasty. The fried rice wasn't fried but it was good too. The spring roll was ok... The portions are decent. They gave me huge chunks of chicken and a lot or rice but only one piece of broccoli... I would definitely order from them again.,|,
Excellent place, excellent wine  excellent food and excellent service   100 % recommended   The only bad is close to early, need to open more late,,|,
I have been coming here forever for any special occasion that I have. I love their cakes and love how they will make sure they understand what you want.   The only complaint I have is when my mom tried to surprise order a cake from them for my 16th birthday, they put on the wrong colors and refused to change it.   besides that, they are fantastic. Will keep coming for as long as I live,|,
Stopped by for a quick family dinner and they seemed very on top of things. Some guy in the back seemed very invested in getting orders out quickly. Our food came out quickly, was accurate and tasted good.   Overall a very good experience.,|,
Came here for take-out at around 1:30am and was really quick--~15mins. I really liked the jia jian noodle!Dumplings were also decent! Will definitely return for dumplings and noodles.,|,
I have been quite a few times. The food is always excellent and the service prompt. I have also been to a few parties in the private rooms which is a very unique experience. Always nice to have a big with friends and food! And I think the prices are very fair for the quality.,|,
From the drinks...appetizers.. entree to deserts.  Awesome  Customer service was great.   Looking forward to coming back !,|,
Went there today after being referred by someone at The Herb Shoppe on Hawthorne. She said they had a really good selection of herbs and spices, which they do, and I fiiiiinally found Ceylon Cinnamon! Rad store.,|,
Possibly the best burger place because of the great quality of food and choices. I recommend their cheeseburger as well as the Big Papi (you can't go wrong with guac in a burger, yum!). What I also really like about UBurger is the burger wrappers that are very convenient and make for easy eating. The only reason why they don't get full stars is because they're on the borderline ridiculously pricey side, especially for their milkshakes--seriously $5?,|,
YAY!  My favorite Tapas place in the ATL...why?  Because the music rocked...the sangria was strong....and the veggie options were plentiful...you can even bee a Loca Luna friend and get free gift certificates worth up to 25 bucks or so and get online special deals/coupons...  I love this place... more than Eclipse de Luna and those other places (ie Noche)...,|,
I got the Hawaiian style chicken bulgogi with a cucumber salad and it was amazing! (Fries are good too!) I can't wait to come back to try more things on their menu. Great service as well.,|,
Excellent beer selection. Friendly staff that understands what they are selling. Kudos to Sam for all the great advice.,|,
We've been coming to Modern City for years, and it's always a great experience. The Shanghai juicy pork buns (xiao long bao) are the best we've had in Vancouver (and we've tried them all over the city), and everything else we've had off the menu is first-rate. The service is also great; the same people have worked there for years, and they are always welcoming, friendly, and attentive. Also a great place for groups!,|,
I did not like the service or the food. We were a group of 5 people and nobody liked their food. The coffee was below average and the two hot tea we got came with not so hot water. Maybe we went n a bad day because this place has so many good reviews but it'll be a while before I can convince myself to give it another try.,|,
The beer specials are pretty cool.  For a BBQ joint in Austin this place should be pretty far down on your list.  If you want some good wings and a beer this place is not bad.  For BBQ please go elsewhere,|,
Went while visiting Portland and had the most amazing meal. I had the pork chop and my husband had the burger. We will be back.,|,
Good place. Good food. Service is a meh. They are often rude to the point of being non-helpful. They won't tell you what we can put in our food and what we can get for food and you are pretty much on your own to find out and figure it out.,|,
I love this place. I graduated from Endicott 4 years ago and still return to Beverly  to get my Wrapture fix! My favorite menu item is the Greek wrap. The burritos are also amazing. I can't speak highly enough of this place! Fresh ingredients, great location, nice atmosphere. I typically call my order in before arriving and it is always ready when I get there. 5 stars all the way!,|,
I ordered the flounder dinner via a delivery service.  The flounder was heavily seasoned. All the other sides were loaded with sugar. The cole slaw, hushpuppies and tarter sauce. Yes, the tarter sauce contained sugar. What added insult to the situation was that  I had to pay extra for it. I only ate the flounder. Very disappointed after paying $11 plus a $5 delivery fee.,|,
This place is good on quantity and presentation but the quality is very bland. The sashimi was very frozen which made my teeth very sensitive. The reason why they get a star rather than two is because the chicken teriyaki was horrible. If you can't make chicken teriyaki taste good then you shouldn't be in business. They were lucky we were starving. The service was junk too. Overall very disappointed.,|,
Best breakfast tacos in town...plus they're cheap and gigantic.  Try a carne guisada and potato taco...it's such a great combo!  All the ingredients are good though.  Haven't found a combo I didn't like!,|,
I had a fairly good experience here. The staff was there for my every request. Im not really into Indian cuisine so I cant really judge the food but I ate everything on the plate..Nice atmosphere!,|,
Great food. Great prices. Some of the best Borracho beans in Austin. The lunch special is also probably the best value for a weekday work lunch.,|,
First tacos in Austin and I could not have asked for a better experience. All the tacos were great and the Cowboy taco was fantastic. I loved Tacodeli so much I brought friends there for lunch the next day.,|,
Good "fast" food. The menu creates a cluster as far as people ordering though. I have a rule that if more than 5 people are in line @ modmarket I move on because I just don't have enough time to deal with a the indecisiveness their menu bestows upon newbies.,|,
The Cowfish has a large selection great burgers, sushi, salads & more. We had the Texas Longhorn burger, the CBCLT burger & the Firecracker sushi. Every bite was delicious! (My husband and I think it was the best burger we've ever had) Our waitress, Millie, and the rest of the staff were very energetic & attentive. We will DeFiNaTeLy return.  Great job y'all,|,
Be aware the April server charge extra tip to you after you paid even if you tip already..,|,
I've been here twice because my friend's bands tend to play at Spider House. SOO glad I ran into this business. It's easily one of my favorite places to eat, I just wish I lived closer. I don't know much about gyros because theirs were the first I've ever had but damn... Some of the best food I've tried.   If you're in the area, or even if you're not, go out of your way to try this place.,|,
Their items are vegan friendly! The associate was very helpful and polite answering all of my questions. They even double checked on ingredients. I love their veggie pizza that comes without cheese and it's even better when made into a calzone. I recommend!,|,
Awesome service! The food was good too....it's a definite recommendation for a great night out of drinks, good food, and a great atmosphere.,|,
Fantastic ambience, great food and services. We had tandoori prawn- a must have. Also had goat Kadai and malai kofta which was probably the best in this part of the world. It definitely felt dressed up place so great for some celebrations. Also there was live music - the guy was playing soft instrumentals which made my day! Added to my list of places to visit when in BC.,|,
Wow!! Jose and Cecilia made our dining experience amazing!! They both had personality and great suggestions!! Our steaks were perfect!! Highly recommend!!,|,
Food was great but a bit pricy. Overall great experience and would come again. The restuarant does like to play loud music so its not a great place to have a quiet conversations.  Quality of food was very fresh but not alot for what you might pay at other places. 2 thumbs up to this place.,|,
I got the vegan pumpkin glaze donut which was phenomenal! I also got 3 cinnamon donut holes, which weirdly tasted like bacon. I had one of my friends try one, and he agreed too. Kinda disappointed that they serve vegan donuts but don't make sure the regular ones aren't cross contaminated with meat,|,
100+ TVs, Good Food, Great service. The black and bleu chips were fantastic! I originally ordered the chicken pot pie and it wasn't to my liking but our server, Siobhan made sure to make it right and replaced it within minutes! The brisket was tender and delicious. My wife enjoyed the Wisconsin burger, and we got to watch the World Cup qualifiers. Great night indeed! We ended it on the cocoa-nut cake!,|,
Delicious wood fired pizza. The crust is perfect and the topping selection, while limited, is delicious as well. We had the Italian sausage and ricotta pies - we will be back next time we're in Vancouver. Oh yeah, don't leave without ordering the tiramisu!,|,
I've been to this location probably a dozen times or more now, and the food is consistently good. Just standard Chick-fil-A with standard food options. The drive-thru is predictably chaos, and usually wraps around the building. When it's extra busy, they usually have somebody standing outside with the tablet taking orders early so at least the line moves quickly. There's plenty of parking in the lot, but if you're not careful where you park you could get stuck. Overall, it's a solid location.,|,
Really, I'd go 3.5. Yummy guac and tacos. Steak rice bowl was over seasoned, portabello taco was under seasoned.   Comically small tables for a tapas restaurant with so many plates and table accessories.,|,
Jimmy is the best bartender!! He is so funny and personable! Me and my friends always have a great time at wahlburgers! The food is also a plus!,|,
This place is so good! Tapa style restaurant, so we ordered lots of small plates and shared it. Small little place, and the wait can be extremely long, but it's definitely worth the wait! The ramen is spot on with flavoring! And the skewers are so good.,|,
After 8 1/2 hours of Animal Kingdom fun and a tired family of 5, we were greeted with kindness and appreciation for being longtime Landry's members from both our waiter Fabio and the Manager of the Yak & Yeti.  Nothing made this little girl happier than a bowl of cherries graciously delivered by our terrific waiter!! Thanks so much for continuing to deliver those moments of magic!!,|,
Great atmosphere; unique menu; awesome tasting foods, though a few are hit and miss.  Takeaway the Krispy Kreme shake please.    I'd go again if I feel like spending $20 for a decent burger!,|,
Best sushi place in the area and so reasonably priced. Love their spicy white tuna roll. Also good is their Udon noodle dish (I get it with tofu and vegetables and it's amazing! It's so large I make 2 meals out of it). Been here a dozen+ times and have never had a bad meal.,|,
Just ok. Ginger garlic rice had a strange fishy taste. Curries were simply sweet without any other flavors. Service was very, very slow. I don't know if we will try them again.,|,
I guess I'm just the kind of snob who assumes she wouldn't like the food at a place called CheeseBoy, and also just the kind of decent person who knows an awesome grilled cheese when she tastes one. That's all I've had, so I can't comment on their other stuff, but the "Classic" grilled cheese ("Italian bread" they call it, and American cheese) is to-die-for yummy comfort food. And the word on the street is soon they'll be selling CheeseBoy t-shirts...,|,
This place is amazing! Love the atmosphere and service is great. Happy Hour menu is fantastic and you can have in restaurant and bar! If you like Kahlua pork, you'll love the quesadilla and nachos....sooo good!,|,
So glad I found this place after my 20 hour road trip. Very convenient location the masseuse I had was surprisingly good I've had massages at tons of spas and massage places this is by far one of the best for the price point. The space is nice and clean larger than expected on the inside. Receptionist is not overly pushy on selling the packages which is nice. Will definitely return.,|,
Don't waste your money. Delivery took 1 hour and 45 minutes. No surprise that the food was cold when it arrived. The burger tasted funky and I'm not sure how you can screw up chicken tenders, but they managed to do that as well. I just pitched the entire thing in the garbage.,|,
Always a pleasant experience! So clean and very convenient due to a large parking lot despite the location and right off the highway. Their fried seafood pupu platter is so on point! Hits the spot when I'm craving seafood. Their salad bar and other foods they offer is delicious and offers a lot of variety. I'll be visiting here regularly :-),|,
Really good service.  Top 2 or 3 burger I've ever had.  That's no joke.  Good all around flavoring, cooked perfectly (medium-well, which admittedly every restaurant I've ever ordered a burger in does diferently.  Please just cook the damn thing all the way through without burning it!)  Rafiki did it right, and for that I'm very grateful.  Is on my list of places to return.,|,
Great view! Amazing food. The calamari was amazing. The steak is to die for! The cooked it medium rare imagine that! Do not eat the bread they bring out. You will have died and gone to bread heaven! The service is exceptional and the drinks are great as well!!! Well done Alex you were a great server!,|,
This is my favorite bar and lunch/dinner spot in Portland. I've been going back for years. The service is very good and if you know what to order (avoid the "mexican" food, be prepared for overcooked, greasy fries) it's damn good bar food for a fair price. Lots of  comfy booths and tables. Great place to hang out with homies.,|,
Awesome set up to watch the game. More than enough tvs. I didnt like the food too much, but good to go watch the game if you cant get in the park.,|,
God, I fuckin luv this place now. Tried their chicken tenders and fries yesterday, and extremely luv them too. Will officially come here whenever I'm in Austin now. Hell, the parking garage is even worth it now. This chicken is just a time machine 4 me.,|,
Love this spot. It is a small restaurant and best for dates or small groups - we've always been two-four people and never waited more than 30 minutes for brunch or lunch to arrive. Favorites are chicken and waffles, PLT, breakfast sandwiches (expect 20 mins to cook), shrimp and grits, turkey club, french toast - We visit often! Friends always compliment the food and decor. Nice folks, great food.,|,
Great new taco place!  I tried the carne asada and shrimp tacos.  The ingredients were fresh and the tacos were very flavorful.  With all the different taco places that have been popping up lately, this one is worth a try.  Very nice customer service and reasonable prices.  It took a little while to get the food, but it was pretty busy when I went.  I will definitely come back to sample some other things on their menu.,|,
Disney doesn't offer alot to us vegetarians, except some fruit and french fries. ick. But Yak and Yeti always does a very good job with customer service and oh SOO very good food selections. Its healthy and tasty! it is one of my looked forward to places at Animal Kingdom.,|,
Best fresh slices! Quick spot for lunch. Take out or dine in. Clean and friendly staff. They also have lunch specials. Meatball sub and tuna subs fresh and tasty!!,|,
This place is delightful! Reasonably priced, great service, delicious food. My husband got the shakshuka and was really pleased with it. I had the strawberry Nutella crepe and it was really light and fluffy with the appropriate amount of filing. The coffee is also nice and bold, and their mint lemonade is so refreshing. Highly recommend!,|,
This place is what customer service should be based on. My fiance buys his glasses and contacts here, and they have always delivered top notch service. Dolly and the rest of the staff are wonderful, give good discounts, and even replaced the lenses on my fiances glasses for free when the coating became discolored. They are top notch!,|,
I am originally from Europe.. of course i got spoiled by actually getting to eat Italian pizza.. which is ahhhmazing. I have always been very picky about my pizza and never actually found a place that i will willingly always go back to until i found this place. I ordered 2 pizzas today and i am blown away by the taste, the appearance and the service they provide. Definetly my pizza place from now on.,|,
This is my favorite Thai in central Austin! We've gotten takeout and eaten at the restaurant.. for takeout, sometimes you have to call many times to get through as they are often on the phone. For eating in, often the restaurant is crazy busy, so plan for a wait.   I love the drunken noodles!!! The pad Thai is good too! My only qualm is that they don't have more inventive dishes, but they do have all the traditional ones and a few others.,|,
Y'all....these doughnuts! I happened to walk by on my way to a thrift shop. They were about to close so I hurried and ordered. The clerk gave me to bonus donuts- a maple and a blueberry. We cut each of the donuts up and shared them. Pure heaven!,|,
Had lunch at the bar yesterday. My husband had buffalo wings, which were good - but didn't come with the celery and blue cheese dressing Americans are used to. I had the roasted vegetables and breads with the cheese and onion fondue - I enjoyed it, it was thin at first but thickened as it cooled. Service was good. Expensive though.,|,
Cool bar, great atmosphere... liked the multiple rooms with the old paint peeling off the wall and the aging mantle.  No beer on tap here, only bottles.  Otherwise a laid back place with cool bands.,|,
I love the Press Club now that they've got a little less right-wing about letting you browse their magazines. The live music is great, the wine selection is outstanding, and the staff don't rub your nose in it if you're a wine dunce needing guidance, nor do they automatically recommend the most expensive wine (my personal pet peeve). Even better was my discovery recently that they serve outstanding crepes - not early enough in the morning for my liking, but still, worth getting up late for!,|,
Been for dinner and brunch and absolutely adored both. The stuffed pancake changed my life.,|,
We were told to come here by a local floridian... and were half disappointed. My friends did not really enjoy their food (seafood mac and cheese & the sat dinner special). I had the shrimp scampi and really enjoyed it.  Cesar salad was heaven. I might give them another try at a later date.,|,
Crispers is one of my favorite lunch spots in Orlando. They offer a great selection of salads, sandwiches, soups, flatbreads, even fresh baked cookies. I like to order their Summer salad (field greens, strawberries, mandarin oranges, apples, gorgonzola, turkey/chicken), tex-mex salad, east coast chicken, baked potato soup, Caribbean flatbread, or when I can't decide I'll do the "pick a pair" option. The service at Crispers is always great, and the prices are easy on the wallet.,|,
I just recall having burger sliders and a rye with ginger.   The atmosphere was good and the service was not bad. Convenient street parking is always good!  It's a-ok!!,|,
3 1/2 Really, but nothing great.  Flatbread, wings and ribs were all ok.  I tried the clam strip special and they were really over battered and greasy with a few "fishy" bites.,|,
Just got back from happy hour at the Bread & Ink Cafe. The Farmer's Market sandwich I had was fabulous, yummy and only $4.50. A total steal. They have five local brews on tap and an array of cocktails that look delicious.   Happy hour starts at 3pm (Monday-Saturday) which is a little earlier than usual. Big plus!  Oh, and the desserts look delightful. Especially the Ginger Bread with Lemon Cream... maybe next time.,|,
Delicious Breakfast! You won't regret!!! Amazing frittata served with 2 huge slices of pure heaven mozzarella!,|,
I don't have any idea why but my coffee was so bad I couldn't drink it. The same dark roast I order at other nearby locations and love yet so bad here. I thought it could be a one bad day thing so I gave it another try and got the same horrible results. When your morning starts with coffee you can't drink you are in for a long day. I can only guess that employees didn't make the coffee as ordered or else they are using water from Lake Apopka.,|,
DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY. I'm talking dirty as in the smell of urine, scum feeling floors. So scummy they felt squishy and slippery.  The dirty diapers tossed on the floor near the pool and the poo filled diaper left in a changing room.  Where you order, everything was empty. No forks, napkins or even straws. Never ever, in my life time returning. The parking lot looked as if a carnival had just left town. Place was trashed. One and done for us.,|,
This is my first time there and I would return. I like building my own salad with a nice variety of toppings. They kept the salad bar clean and had the vegetables that I enjoy to choose from.,|,
I went to the breakfast buffet at the Mishawum Rd location.  They charged me $10 for the buffet and another $10 for a cheap, do-it-yourself, no frills waffle.  Total ripoff.  Usually, the waffle is part of the buffet.  Don't go.,|,
best freakin grilled cheese ever!!! come here with an open mind and a hungry stomach!,|,
So, on your way over to this grocery store and while parking, you may feel like you're gonna be shot. But it's okay because what you save here is more than your life's value (in economic terms).  You'll be amazed how everything is either $0.99 or $1.99. A gallon of milk is always $2.50!! A king-sized loaf of white bread can be a buck or even $0.50 on sale. Check this place out when you can, though only in the early morning or late at night to avoid traffic hour drive-bys.,|,
I needed some liquor for a party I was having and choose the wine Emporium. The team here were very friendly and were very knowledgeable of Wines, cocktails and such. If they didnt have it in stock they were more than willing to have it shipped from the other store.   Pricing was great considering the amount I was getting for the event and Since I was right down the street the liquor and wine were delivered right to my door.  Like i said the team was amazing and very helpful! Thanks guys!,|,
If you ever find yourself thinking "I've done everything to do in this town, what can I do to just relax and have fun?" Jillians is a good choice, with all its options.   A little pricey, especially when you can play pool for free at any frathouse, but not too bad when you split the cost of a table with friends.    Good place to watch Sox games-- you might even end up on TV!,|,
I ate here recently and everything was really fresh and delicious, the service was low-key, pleasant and cordial, and the seating was comfy. All good and no complaints.,|,
My rating is a little harsh becuase I am older than 22.  It was a fun spot when I was just out of college, but now I'd rather not have people step on my toes and spill drinks all over me.  The second floor balcony can be a good place with room to make your own fun.,|,
First of all the 10 cent wings are small and gross, and they do not give you any celery.    Second you have to sit at the bar to get them, which is small and crowded.  And now they make everyone eating order a drink, which makes this deal not worth it.    Just skip this place and get wings at Spikes and drinks at Roads or someplace else.  Don't fill your body with junk.,|,
Went back a few times and didn't see the bin of clothes where you can fill a bag for $20.  Not worth going if they permanently stopped keeping a box to rummage through.  All their regular priced clothes are overpriced...  Even some of their clearance sales seem to be overpriced.,|,
If I sold Hummers for a living I'd hang out here to look for new customers...,|,
Awesome atmosphere - check.  Super great staff - check.  Rockin' juke box selection - check.  Support for the local community - priceless.  A HUGE thank you to Lustre Pearl Bar for their support of the event held on behalf of SafePlace on 10/14/09.  Y'all were amazing!!!  =),|,
Excellent service and every dish ordered was A+ i will definitely will be back. I love the multiseating options. I walked through the restaraunt and decided upon the outside patio. Its beautiful and not loud. The place is young, trendy and underrated for the multiplicity of dishes and great attitudes. Please look ay my pics for further detail,|,
Visited Lechon while on vacation on the recommendation of a server at another restaurant. Turned out to be one of the best meals I have ever had. The drinks were amazing and the service was superb. I recommend this place to anybody in the Portland area or visiting.,|,
Echoing what people have said before me... this place sucks. A cash only dive bar on Newbury St with a shitty beer selection that's generally full of  douchey dudes. Yeah, I feel like I'm beating a dead horse here.   Daisy's gets two stars instead of one because it's the only bar within a block of my place and there's generally attractive girls there. And it probably needs a self esteem boost.,|,
Great burgers!! Me and my family loved them!! We had the calamari app but I felt like there were a lot of banana peppers mixed in compared to the amount of calamari. But either way it was battered really nicely and was delicious. Pretzels with beer cheese was so damn good!! Cocktails were delicious!! Service was fantastic!!,|,
Josh and Malon are absolutely wonderful: excellent customer service and they know their wines backward and forward. Best experience here ever because of Josh and Malon! Thank you!!!,|,
Delish!  Such a cute place on the waterfront and great vibe as well.  We got a Shrimp Basket and a mixed Seafood Basket - both were awesome.  Add some cold beers and you are reaching near perfection.  Lots of fun and great being on the water's edge.  Really enjoyed it here.,|,
Had some amazing lobster here, and the bar tender was very kind and gave me tips on how to eat it since I had never had one before. Service was good at the bar and the prices were fair. I found this place because the line at Union Oyster House was ridiculous, but I am glad I changed my mind!,|,
Tavern in the Square is decent. It's a good place to meet up with your friends that has a ton of young people there. We're bound to run into our old high school classmates there though.  I've tried several dishes there but I only like the buffalo chicken tenders and the cheese risotto appetizers.   I had a skinny mango drink that was good.  It's a pretty lively place. Our waiter was great and checked in on a ton and was very patient which was very well appreciated.,|,
How is it that Danger!Awesome doesn't have more awesome reviews? We've walked by this place many times and finally had a reason to stop in. They made us three rubber stamps to make our wedding invitations with and they've come out beautifully. Moreover, making stamps with the Danger!Awesome team was much cheaper than sending away for some custom made stamp, and they turned it around in only a few days. Definitely stop in to check out what they've made- there's some excellent inspiration!,|,
food was excellent, the owner himself asked us if we enjoyed our food and then he said he has something for us, he ends up bringing out a new chocolate dessert on the house. He is a super sweet, caring guy and it definitely shows.  Thank you !!!,|,
Nice piece of haddock today for lunch. Also had the shrimp cocktail to start. Service was a bit slow for a fish plate and  sitting solo. All and all good place to have some nice sea food outside the city.,|,
I am so happy that we came here! Tyler was awesome, honest, and easy to talk to. He was very knowledgeable about the different mattresses and helped us choose one to suit our needs. He definitely cares about his customers. We found a great mattress at an affordable price. It was delivered the next day! If you're in the market for a new mattress, stop here first!,|,
This place took care of me when I came in about 30 min before closing to get a take out order. They let me substitute and she even gave me extra egg flour soup. This place is right next to my house and they are super nice and have great food! I love the fried rice and crab puffs!,|,
Amazing. Best migas. Amazing fish tacos. You must go here if you're in austin. Warning go before 9 am to avoid lines.,|,
The food was fresh and tasty. They have options for the kids. We had a party of eight and were seated promptly at our reservation time.  The service was fantastic and the price was incredibly reasonable. This is definitely a gem of a place to eat inside of the parks.,|,
ya can't go wrong, i swear.  excellent selection of meats.  my favorites are the chicken stirfry with no cheese and the chicken parm.  the sizes are pretty good and you definitely get your money's worth.  many a times i'd have to split a small sub into two meals.  not to mention, the salads are always fresh.  it's a great place to stop if you need something quick and in the area.,|,
Our tour guide, Kate, made the brief tour of the Samuel Adams Brewery informative & entertaining. We really enjoyed her humour and style. The tastings after the tour were generous & delicious. The tour is free with only a recommendation for a small donation. Highly recommended.,|,
I hosted an event here for 40 people last week, and I can't rave about them more.  Everyone made it al seamless from the moment I walked in to the very end.  Once we had everything set up for them, I really didn't have to do anything except enjoy my group!   Painted Pin has great drinks, and not your typical bowling alley food.  GREAT for group events! I haven't been able to stomach the wait for bowling, so the group event was a great way to actually do it!,|,
New Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood?  We had to give it a shot.  Unfortunately, the food is bad and the service is mediocre.  All for twice the cost of most other Mexican restaurants in the area.  I strongly recommend that you avoid wasting your time or money here.,|,
I made two trips there, my first & my last.  The food is mediocre and they use chipped plates and no real ambiance.  I won't be back.,|,
I love this place, Rambo is an awesome cook and he makes the best buffalo chicken pizza you will ever have. The place has been open 1989, and I am never disappointed at their food. If you are not into pizza, the calzones are delicious, and let's not even talk about the most delicious chicken wings. Once you try them, you are addicted to them. The salads are huge, and the price is right.,|,
PHIL!!!!! He is the man and his customer service is by far the best I've ever seen! Keep him! I give 4 stars because my order got all mixed up 2 times and only revived a credit and had to drive all the way back there and wait ..,|,
Still good. But they really should buy a second till/interac machine for checking more than one person out at a time. The line can get clogged and the sandwiches colder and soggier by the time you pay. :),|,
The carbonara is a life changer.  Over easy poached egg on top of a delicious bed of pasta -- perfection on a plate.,|,
Nice Asian restaurant inside Disney Animal Kingdom. Full bar. I had the wonton soup which was OK, but could have had more flavor. The dim sum basket was barely warm and one might say it was actually cold. I sat at the bar and would have thought that my food would have been hot considering that it was not busy. This is not my first time here but it is my first review. I hope the next time I come back it will be better.,|,
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Papi's yet.   Old favorite. Not a lot of great parking but try the small lot behind the building or the street. Decent prices. Yummy Cuban eats. Fish wrap is huge and filling. Along with many of the sandwiches. Get some things and share. Pollo vaca frita is a favorite - ton of food. Go to the front entrance if you are getting take-out. Otherwise, use the side entrance for table service.,|,
I've been seeing Robert for many years now. He is awesome!  Great stylist, my color always looks incredible. People compliment me all the time. I recently took the plunge and cut my hair short. I couldn't be happier. Robert always adds that little something that is his own touch. Love this place and love Robert.,|,
Squeeky cheese curds without flying to Wisconsin?!?!? Thank you, Sprouts.,|,
Cute, quaint place. Enjoyed the chips and salsa along with a couple of drinks. Great service from the girl from Chico, CA.... didn't get her name, but friendly and enjoyed our visit to the establishment.  We were there from out of town and would return next time!,|,
I had the magic shroom burger with truffle fries and a pretzel Nutella shake. Food was too salty for my taste, but the shake was great---I have a sweet tooth!--  While waiting in line (yes the lines are long and wrap around the building!) the waiters come around and take drink orders.. so get urself an alcoholic beverage and it'll make the line bearable lol---,|,
My first visit to Troy, I regretted ordering ONLY one plate of beef Iskender. I could have totally eaten a second helping. Instead, I left filled with regret.  Luckily, Troy is close to my office and my house. So, needless to say, I've been back a few times just to eat the beef Iskender, which is served with a heaping side of yogurt and drizzled with browned butter.   Hot delicious browned butter.   Every time I smell browned butter now, I think of Troy. And it reminds me of home.,|,
A++++++ This is like a little vacation every time I get to go here!! Food, ambiance and the people who own this place and work here are awesome Win, win! Go check it out!,|,
I had great friendly service. Some of the best I've had recently from a server last night. The menu was very diverse and had some great seafood options.  The Crawfish Ettouffee was very good and under $10. Great! And the drinks are VERY affordable without a happy hour. $5 margaritas frozen and on rocks and wine is very reasonable too.,|,
1.  Great view, especially late in the afternoon or at sunset. 2.  Food was overpriced, and taste/quality were entirely underwhelming. 3.  Service was OK, but not attentive, especially when not very busy. 4.  Went on a Living Social coupon - without that discount, I might have rated it even lower.,|,
First time here but I think I'll be back. The everything bagel I had was a little harder than I like, but everything included with the lox was delicious and the place is perfectly clean.,|,
Not always easy to find a veggie broth ramen but they were happy to swap one kind of ramen for me. The spicy version was really tasty. Hit the spot. The place has a great vibe, nice woody interior, happy service, but could use some cooler music - sounds like bad Jazz in here. Still ill be back in a flash.,|,
This place has the best patio ever! And the beer flights were great - so fun to share on a date. Also the best burger I've ever had in my life, the juicy Lucy. It has bacon jam on it if that's any indication of how delicious and savory it is. If I lived in Portland it would be hard not to eat their burgers every weekend. Service was great and appropriately timed as well.,|,
Edited Review:  While my first review of Spavia was not great because  I paid  for a deep tissue massage but was given a massage therapist who does not usually do deep tissue.  I changed my review from 1 star to 3 stars because the owner Patricia was very professional and addressed and rectified the situation. It was nice to see an owner who cares about the experiences of her guests.   I will try Spavia again but could not upgrade past 3 stars because first experience was not the best.,|,
foggy dew is a good spot for younger crowd to dance and meet a lot of new people very friendly environment layout,  pool and dance floor is good, the food tho not the best at all,  amateur if you think its awesome you have not taste in quality food? ill give it 4 stars for overall experience since the food is tasty,  get there early long line up!,|,
I went for the free late-night wifi, and bought a summer galette to be polite. But I saw the plum-ginger pie with crumble top and had to try that, too. Crispy, buttery, yum on all fronts! My counter guy was genuinely nice, clear, and accommodating. I'll be back.,|,
Great neighborhood, trendy restaurant, good food, but it takes forever for food to come out! The restaurant wasn't even busy, but it took more than 35 minutes before I even saw my food. My bf got his food first and finished eating before I got mine. The LOL sushi roll was good but definitely pass on the ceviche. Thank goodness for scoutmob because it's over priced. The restaurant won't survive if they don't improve their kitchen or sushi chefs.,|,
This is my favourite breakfast restaurant, I usually get great service with the exception of one waitress who got my order wrong a few times, but otherwise they are great and the food is so yummy! I prefer this location over all the others.,|,
this place is sick but they no longer have hush puppies on the menu and it makes me sad. please bring those foods back so i am no longer sad.,|,
Yummy yummy.  The app asked if this was a hipster place.  Well,  hippy would  be a better description.    Worn but clean.   You need to check this place out.,|,
You guys, free air with pressure notification. Yes, Wawa takes care of you.   Coffee bar, hoagie bar, drinks, snacks, gas and it's clean!! Can you ask for more?   Wawa truly steps up what it means to be a gas station and convenience store. I still smile each time I pass one here in Orlando. So happy they have arrived!,|,
Horrible service, food, and wait times. Management at it's worst is the definition here, the head manager here did NOT care for the customer and maintains a dirty and slow work environment.,|,
I went to the Hair Shack to see Kate.  She turned my dyed black hair red without the damage that can occur when stripping hair.  And, she didn't break the bank.    Excellent job, Kate!,|,
i wanted to like Yummy more but everything Ive ordered has just been average.  The kapow kai is meh.  The crispy chicken lemon is pretty good.  The beef satay is not good.  It tastes like chinese fast food beef teriyaki.  It doesnt have any of the thai spice flavor at all.,|,
Excellent food and a very sweet staff. Custom tailored our order at no extra cost. We don't speak Chinese, so there was a slight language barrier, but our waitress was very helpful, friendly and attentive. The menu features both authentic traditional Chinese dishes, as well as dishes familiar to American tastes.,|,
I almost always order the same sandwich when I visit BBS, and they do a great job with it. In particular, I need to give two thumbs up to one of the employees, Derek, who delivers an awesome product every time. He takes into consideration my favorite proportions and he is very friendly. Excellent service! The man deserves a raise! My only complaint is the long line, but I guess it's an indication of their great food.,|,
We were visiting Boston for Labor Day weekend. I found this place on yelp and decided to try it out. The Hazelnut Latte was perfection!! Food was good...not amazing, but hit the spot. The staff was really nice (we were a little difficult because we had 3 kids with us so our order was a pain in the butt). I will definitely come back when we visit again!!,|,
I would reccommend this place to anyone.  The food was out of this world good, the staff friendly, and my doning experience was exceptional. This place has many options and i havent tried anything that wasnt exceptional. Perfect for an upscale meal for a date or  a casual get together with friends.,|,
What a concept!!  Only these guys could take such a simple idea (BURGERS) and create such a frenzy that you can not walk by one of these Burger Bars without seeing an hour long line wrapped around the building.  How did they do that?  YUMMY Burgers!,|,
If you try to get here for dinner...good luck! Way easier to get a table for lunch, but there is still a wait.  The food was great, I would recommend the place if you have a lot of time to sit down. If you're in a rush-no dice.  Of the meals I tried from the other people I dined with, the crab definitely took the prize (no real surprise I guess!),|,
A friend and I checked this place out since it was listed as one of Atlanta's best bars.  I was not disappointed...great stock of spirits and brews...the bartender Autumn was fantastic.  I wasn't really hungry but I tried out the fried pickles and decided to order another serving.   I will definitely return,|,
The best Greek food ever! These are the type of businesses I like to support! Large portions and quality food. It won't will take a few minutes to create but totally worth it. I recommend the chicken kebab platter!,|,
The setting was beautiful with a lovely view of the harbor. The food was good but the portion sizes were small. The wine seemed quite overpriced. The service was abysmal. The slowest we have seen in good restaurants in Boston. not recommended.,|,
Hotel was clean, and beds were comfortable. I stayed on the 5th floor.  Unfortunately, on my 4th day there the water turned brown. I brought this issue up with the manager,and he said it was due to the city's construction work. Manager apologized but stated that there was nothing he could do.  The color of the water returned to normal at about 8pm that same day.,|,
This was a surprisingly good restaurant. We walked in right as the park was closing but got seated right away. Our server, Tiffany G., was amazing with her beer knowledge and suggested some very good beers for both of us.  The food was very good the pretzel was huge, had the right crisp outside with tender bread inside the mustard and cheese were both delicious.  We both got burgers and they were great. Ask for bbq on the side! You won't regret it if you like bbq.,|,
Love the Yuppie burger and the frappes are great! Good for a quick bite before catching a movie.,|,
I have been going here for many years and have always had the best service.  I get a mani and pedi very two to four weeks and am never disappointed; John always does a fabulous job!  Today I was in and got ready for the holiday festivities !    I have on Hot Jazz DND463_164,|,
Visiting from San Diego, where we OBSESS over our tacos & I LOVE THE MIGAS TACO. THE FLAVORS, THE TEXTURE - all breakfast taco dreams came true this morning. Everyone here is friendly & patient, even though I came hella early in the morning. I wasn't even hungry but I had to order a second one for the road.   THANK YOU SO MUCH VERACRUZ!,|,
It's too good. The shrimp is very juice and sweet. The clams are big and fresh. The way of eating it all is unusual, buts it's fun. Definitely good place to have a bros night out or family occasion.,|,
They used to be a lot better when it was the actual owner with his trailer in the parking lot. They were always busy, but they were quick and he was the one making the food so it was always good. Since they've opened this location, I haven't seen him since. The food has the same ingredients but the perfection is gone. Service is slow and it's always crowded. The only times I stop there now is if its past 3AM and we don't want to stop and sit down.,|,
Still like I remembered... yummy mimosas, fun atmosphere, and good eats.   Had the french toast.... which was my zebra-striped toast, topped with strawberries and syrup. Friend had the Hummus sandwich, and the other girls had a croissant breakfast egg sandwich... thingy.  The potato chips are uber delish too!!  Props to Mel and her 17 drink order too! :),|,
Portions are getting smaller and prices are higher. Not worth going all the way there if you live far away.,|,
Un sitio muy bueno para relajarse y comer postres en un día compras en Florida mall, lugar perfecto, una variedad de postres y café,|,
Stopped by because this was closer than my home clinic and I needed something quick that would fit into the workday. They get 2 stars for being relatively fast, but medical judgement quite questionable (I'm in medicine) unfortunately. More importantly, i waited over 20 minutes twice then 40 minutes on a third try to get in touch with the clinic for lab results which seems ridiculous but that's what happened! Would not recommend for anything where you would potentially need labs.,|,
I've been here at least 10 times and I'm never disappointed. The food is incredible, the atmosphere is nice, just make sure you make reservations for the weekends as they get quite busy. I suggest going on Friday or Saturday and sitting in there traditional room to watch belly dancers while eating the horsemans platter with friends.,|,
It's a pretty good place for some tofu dessert.  Slightly different from the regular Chinese tofu as it doesn't come with ginger syrup. It does come with pearls.  It's not ultra smooth but pretty good. And it comes hot. Nothing super special and nit a whole lots of variety. Just a solid tofu pudding/dessert place. Also a little pricey for what it is. It's super easy and inexpensive to make.,|,
Good enough Tex-Mex food in Back Bay. Prices are reasonable, and food is yummy. Nice enought place to sit outside in the summer and relax with a beer while watching the people stroll by on Boylston Street.,|,
Great service!! A little noisy but the bacon Benedict special was amazing!! I have never had bacon so good in my life! Everything was plates nicely and tasted sooo fresh. My friend had cheery tomatoes on her breakfast bowl and they tasted very fresh. I definitely would come back. Only thing is parking absolutely is difficult and sux.,|,
Dirtiest, filthiest, nastiest walmart I have EVEzr been to. No carts. No lid to the sanitary wipes. The isles were full of boxes, couldn't get through the isles with the cart. There were 9 employees outside sitting on the curb, some smoking. No carts!!!  Will not be back EVER!,|,
Excellent service, lots of good beer and yummy food. I'd go back.,|,
I went to Austin for the first time in June and had the pleasure of finding the awesome kitchen at Javelina.  The Javelina burger is fantastic, service was great, and they had some interesting drink recipes that we tried and enjoyed.  Definitely worth the visit to Rainey St!,|,
Excellent selection of plants and gardening supplies. Plants all seem healthy and well taken care of and staff is very helpful. Also have gardening events on occasion :),|,
The cake slices i purchased during my first visit were beyond stale.  Few weeks later, I purchased a cake on display. I should've known when the worker didn't give me the cake from the display but gave me a cake from the back - the cake was even further beyond stale.   "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me.. you can't be fooled again." - W. Bush,|,
It was not bad, the price is reasonable.  The flavor just isn't as strong as other ramen places. Good service also.,|,
Pinball.  Love it.  Why doesn't every bar have it? I don't want to pay golden tee or big game hunter, I want to play pinball.   Or pool, they have that at North too. The drinks are good, prices are okay.  Service is slow and the food is okay.  Nothing to write home about, but some good fun if you live in the neighborhood.,|,
Great staff great drinks and food say hello to Conan the Irish bartender.,|,
Quite expensive, but get the lobster roll. Service was ok. Make reservation if you don't want the long wait.,|,
Really good breakfast food. More on the expensive side. Not too bad of a wait for a Saturday morning brunch either. And the portions are huge!,|,
Why would I ever come in here? With the amazing, nearby Brockton Dollar Tree, less than 5 minutes away, why would ever come into uninviting community and this Dollar Tree's univiting storefront. I am not planning to return....  Employees on their cell phones, while lines are snaking through the candy aisle, out of stock shelves, and narrow aisles. Why would I (or anyone) put themselves into this hot-mess of a Dollar Tree? Ugh. 1 star.,|,
Like some of the people said, the B-Side is dark, smokey, and has a punk heavy juke box, and that is what I love about it.  The owner has always been really nice, and the same goes for the staff.  It is a good place to go with a bunch of friends and wind down.    And for everybody who is complaining that it is too smokey, you can calm down, the ban starts at the beginning of the year.,|,
I found this spot 1 month ago stop by after work to get a beer or two and ate a couple things on there menu , which so far all have been great! Service is great every time I go I usually sit at the bar , went this past Saturday to dine and our server Gracie was awesome ! This is my spot to go to now !,|,
The falafel over rice and salad with house dressing is amazing. The falafel wrap is quite dope as well. Some of the best falafel. Support this new little locally owned gem. You'll be glad you did.,|,
This is my favorite sub place in the country.   I love the pitchers of strong, cheap drinks. I love the HUGE sub variety (makes you wonder why you ever go to places like Subway or Jimmy John's).  It has such a good vibrant, college feel that even people way out of college can love it with nostalgia. Their chicken thai sub is hands down the best.,|,
The food is very good and the atmosphere lovely. Great place to meet friends and talk and have a rest meal. The manger at this location is top notch and will stand behind the customer. We had an incident with a waitress and he made it right and was extremely professional and very gracious.,|,
Bacon wrapped figs are TO DIE FOR! Great live music fast friendly service, an all around win :-),|,
Ordered the sloppy Jacques and the good news is, it arrived quickly. Bad news is the meat was lukewarm . The bread was a little dry/stale but perhaps that was on purpose?  The cheese was bland to the point I didn't notice it was even there.   One star for the simple, clean interior design. One star for not being too pretentious.,|,
So much for my tuna burger. IT has started to suck now. I couldn't eat beyond two bites. Highly sad and disappointed! I loved this place.,|,
Linh rocks! Gave me awesome lashes when I had none. Clean, friendly and takes you on time for your appointment.  Convenient location in Southie.,|,
There are so few breakfast places in the North End, but this one is a favorite if you love breakfast sandwiches. They are HUGE but so fresh and they make it all on a hot grill right in front of you.   Not a crazy great hot coffee place but great selection of iced coffee flavors.,|,
NY Pizza is cheap and the pizza is the best I've had in it's specific area. They've got real, New York style slices as well as many other menu options. There's nothing special about the restaurant itself, and there are sometimes some sketchy characters in there, but it's pretty good food.,|,
I love this place. The food is AMAZING. I have eaten my fair share of Japanese food throughout the lower mainland and this place is easily in my top 5.  The fish is always fresh, the presentation is always beautiful, and best of all - it's very reasonably priced.  The staff is friendly and the service is prompt.,|,
Good small town cafe......needs more of a variety of food. Grits are good, omelets are good but would like to see hash browns and more breakfast combo plates,|,
Well, the quality of the vape juice isn't in question, My fiance loves it.  However, I must just be used to friendlier people .. Because I stopped in to get my other half some juice and the gentleman behind the counter while I got what I needed definitely wasn't the kindest or most helpful. BUT maybe he was having an off day, I will give him the benefit of the doubt, I just likely won't be going back anytime soon.,|,
Amazing thin crust brick oven pizza.The SPICY SHRIMP PIZZA is the best. I really recommend the fried asparagus appetizer. The prices are very reasonable ranging from 13 to $18 for the pizza which is enough for two.,|,
Wonderful pub with creative Tapas. Excellent happy hour value Adult patronage. Outstanding service. I'll definitely be back.,|,
I love this Ramen. It is huge and good. Enough for 2 meals for under $10.  They have recently updated their menu and have even more Ramen options along with some appetizers. Gone are the miso/clear dichotomy. I like the new house Ramen, with extra seaweed. The spicy pork one was also very tasty but a bit too salty.,|,
This place gives you a bang for your buck! Lots of food, big plates, lots of sides, and quality of the skirt steak is amazing. I love the sauce that came with it, goes really good with the white rice. My friends all enjoy their food. The chicharron is super addicting as well.,|,
The worst concert venue I have ever been to.  Walked up and bought tickets for a 11:30 show at 11:30, then attempted to walk in the venue. Was told we would have to wait 45 minutes outside (it was raining) and could not wait inside for the concert to start.  Attempted to reason with the security staff at the absurd request to wait outside, but was told we could not enter and told us to wait on the street.  Worst. Venue. Ever.,|,
I used to love this place but recently quality and taste of kabobs here have recently gone down for some reason. Kabobs are either broken and burned or raw! And they always mess up your order.,|,
Sadly i used to be a regular. Dropped in one night for some chicken teriyaki waited ten mins then walked home. The chicken I got was not even cooked! I couldn't even bite it. Totally bummed, this place was once great.,|,
Finally tried this place since our favorite esparzas closed. A little on the pricey side but food was really good. Glad we tried it and will be back!,|,
Ate here last night with a large group. The service was very attentive in a pleasant atmosphere. A large selection of smoothies, soft drinks, and beer. The food was delicious! So savory. Huge portions. I had a tempeh salad with a scrumptious dressing. My husband has the tempeh tacos which he was very pleased with. We will be back to try more vegetarian dishes. Highly recommended!!,|,
The food would be so much better if it wasn't so spicy. My husband and I live nearby and LOVE Thai food but every time we get our favorites (pad see ew and green curry) they are unbearably spicy. And we like spicy food. Tone down the heat please!,|,
Stopped in for lunch and wasn't really impressed. Such a shame, bc it looks really cool from outside. The noodles were a bit mushy and broth a bit salty. The service was really good. I did see other people eating sushi, so maybe I chose the wrong dish. Plus it was expensive and not much of a selection. For a name like Chinatown you would think they would have more of a Chinese food selection. Not just noodle dishes and sushi.,|,
Service was excellent. I tried the Classic, the Llano Pablano, and the Truffle Aioli Fries. Burgers were pretty good but did not have enough seasoning. Fries were awesome.,|,
I have to say this pizza was outstanding. I was born and raised in New York City. So all you New Yorkers know there are 3 things you have to check in a slice of pizza. 1 is the fold test, 2 it's the grease test and 3 it's the taste test. It passed with flying colors. Not only the food was great but the staff is excellent. Thank you Rob.,|,
Oh no!!!!  Pixel's is gone!  They probably didn't charge enough, food was great, they'll be missed.,|,
Love the steamed chicken dumplings and the singapore rice noodles. Sushi is good quality and tastes great! Their hot oil is too good!,|,
I just wish the burgers were bigger BUT they are always amazing! I'm greedy! LOL!,|,
Food is average. Price does not match the food. We ordered the wonton soup and the chicken and rice soup which were really good and a promising start. We got the dinner portion of the chicken grapow. It was flavorful but was very dry. It is priced at $16, does not come with rice and in all is very average. It should probably be at the $12 price point. This is my second time at White Coconut and my second time was way better than the first. So, not sure if I'll be back.,|,
The staff were great! Friendly and very accommodating! They even opened shop earlier for me. Great location and they give you the option to use all organic products! I got shellac mani n pedi with a facial and it was a real relaxing experience. Will definitely be coming back!,|,
Great place. Staff was very friendly, and the place was decorated nicely. The owner was there and was nice enough to chat about the shop. I love the fact that they make their stuff from scratch,and use a local dairy. The ice cream had a great texture, and flavor. Definitely  worth a visit!,|,
So it was my first time trying Otto & Anita's and I ordered through postmates Bc I was feeling lazy. I ordered the Bavarian pretzel which was one of the best I've ever had! The pickle soup lived up to all of its expectations and was amazing. I got the chicken Kaiserschnitzel and it was really yummy. The bread was fresh and the gummy bears for dessert was the perfect touch! Will be ordering again really soon!!,|,
I got lucky enough to come at night when it wasn't so humid and the lines for rides were at most a 10 minute wait.  I'm glad I came, and can honestly say i felt Sea World Orlando was 'Meh'.. San Diego's Sea World is WAY better!. and bigger too :)  I enjoyed riding on Manta and Kraken though, that was the highlight of my trip.. oh, and seeing fireworks for oh, a great 2 minutes.,|,
Love this venue! The food was great. The two bands were absolutely amazing. Our server Aldo was great! Quick service and checked in us often. I will be back.,|,
hey i like it here. its not as annoying or crowded with tool bags like most of the faneuil hall dives. the food is surprisingly good, the live music is always decent. the beers well priced. the staff very curteous and welcoming. two floors, top more for dancing, main level for sports and hangin with friends.,|,
I wanted to like this place.  It's a cool little spot to get a bite. Outdoor seating. Lots of people around.   But the food didn't have the depth of flavor I was hoping for.   Better spots to be found,|,
Food was good but they nickel and dined us about everything. $1 extra for cheese on top of the French onion soup, $1 for extra condiments, etc. and the waiter didn't tell us ahead of time.,|,
I visit this restaurant for breakfast. I didn't have reservation but the stuff service was really good. I could have wonderful time at here. The foods also delicious. When I'll come to Boston again,I wanna visit here !,|,
Good cheap shop. Their stock is arguably small if you are a brand loyalist but they really have everything you need right there. Prices are very cheap and often they have sales.  While I love the shop, they don't open until a soft 11am- which causes me to just drive to down town or anywhere in the surrounding area to get art supplies at 9am. They also close at 6pm- making it near impossible to come until they are basically closing.,|,
I agree with the rest of the Yelpers on this one: you could definitely do worse than The Sevens, but don't bother making it a destination. There's nothing particularly bad about it, there's just not anything particulary outstanding about it either.,|,
i haven't read the negative reviews but I've always had a great experience here.  Great happy hour food and drink.  For prices and quality.  and the view and atmosphere is great.  One of my favorite spots for date night.,|,
coming from los angeles and eating at all the spots (sushi sushi, zo etc. )... i eat sushi at this spot & it is good,|,
The best wings i have had in the area. I remember one night in a snow storm, me and some friends were hungry and they were the only place open. That was the first night we went, and then we were hooked.,|,
Wow! Totally different experience when you go before the crowd arrives. Sahara is now my favorite hookah lounge again!,|,
stumbled into this great book store. The owners are super happy to help! Instantly found like 9 books from my varying interests that I wanted to take home with me, in the short 30 min I was there!! A must go for book nerds! Cecilia Yakin,|,
This store is full of absolute crap. The prices are good for some useful household stuff, but the taste level is really low on the decor items. It was excellent entertainment, however, and provided almost an hour of laughs, examining all the horrible products here and laughing about them and the idiots who would buy most of this awful junk.  We purchased three loofahs for $1.50 each and one set of over the door hooks ($4) , which broke immediately.,|,
Avoid this Starbucks location at all costs! This is a franchise Marriott unit, but the line was insanely long. The staff does not seem to care about customer satisfaction at all.  Stay away unless you want to wait more than 40 minutes for your morning brew!,|,
I've been going here for 20 years now. They make the best Souvlaki I've ever had. I love their food.,|,
Nice contemporary decor, felt too fancy for jeans and t-shirt but went wearing them anyways. Sushi bar is a good size. Service was friendly, large menu. Also has 3 private dinning areas for small group of 6-8 people. Sushi was decent, but small portion in my opinion. Prices of food were average high. All-in-all, didn't get me hooked the first time, still a good place for sushi and alcohol.,|,
This restaurant used to locate in downtown and when I tasted the crepes in downtown, the crepes were delicious and quite extraordinary. With the new location, i went there twice and they menu had changed since the move and crepes do not taste the same. The crepes are ok but definitely not same taste as when they were in downtown. The price is bit pricy and the crepes are decent but nothing great. Also tried their cappuccino and it was ok but not great,|,
Been here about a dozen times - my favorite Atlanta pizza joint. Delicious pizza with a lot of ingredient and size options.  Strong beer and wine selection. There is something for everybody.   Reasonable prices especially the weekday happy hour with half-price pizza specials. Comfortable booths and patio.   Andrew, Dick and Elijah are entertaining servers who always leave the customers laughing.,|,
Great restaurant with great service. We were waited on by Matt from philadelphia. The food was outstanding and well worth the 20 minute wait to get in. The house special fried rice and ribs were tasty and savory. I will visit this place again,|,
Food is tasty here but I feel like it always takes forever for my party to get our food.,|,
The staff here is super friendly and the seafood and sauce are delicious especially when combined with white rice.  This place definitely is worth checking out.  It reminds me and my wife of a place we used to frequent in Los Angeles called the boiling crab which is one of the places we have missed since moving to Portland.  We will definitely come back again!,|,
Wow. Such a positive experience! Normally salons are get you in and out. Martina did my nails + toes and did an amazing job! She really took her time, fixing the smallest "mistakes" and my nails look phenomenal! The basic pedi even comes with a sugar scrub! Definitely a wonderful day for me :),|,
Typical Cuban place with some good Cuban dishes and good services,|,
The good... cheap lunch menu...   The annoying..   Dinner prices were tooo high for a place that is in need of a paint job, new decor, and all the other things that go with a high priced dinner meal.   Menu needs updating, new photos and better descriptors than mixed vegetables/????   Hint 86 the plastic table coverings....   No Internet???   Well, if lots of folks were there on the net they might spend money and or make the place look popular. I get it now....   Whatever people....,|,
If you are in Lynn Massachusetts and in need of a pizza for a party or a Halloween gathering then this location is actually quite good and the following directions fairly well. I would not order any other food off the menu but their pizza is slightly above average. My husband likes his pizzas well done by myself and very picky about my order as well and so far they have never messed it up.,|,
They cheated us on the chicken and didn't give our takeout order the rice and beans. We ordered 1 1/2 chickens and they came without the white meat. You can't run a restaurant with only teenagers. Good food but service stinks.,|,
I was underwhelmed. We had the Reuben, Tuscan Garbanzo soup, and the Oatmeal Cream Pie. Everything was okay but nothing was yummy. And it was fairly expensive. I might comeback if I was having lunch with a vegan but not otherwise.,|,
I'm always hankering for some legit Italian food, and my two friends took me here for a pre-graduation dinner.  Service was great, food was even better.  The place is small, but it's a family-run restaurant and I ended up bringing my parents here.,|,
I'm loving this place and its brunch menu. Today was my second time visit, and I have tried Dirty Breakfast, Chorizo Hash, The Catch 122, and Eggs Benedict. They were all CAD$13 and in good portion. I will definitely try out their happy hour and dinner menus!,|,
The lobster ravioli and the tiramisu were my fav. I fell in love with them but also some frnds of mine were surprised that their tiramisu was good so maybe depends on the day?   The marsala wasn't impressive. The eggplant was a good veg option too.   It's a good date restaurant.,|,
I love this salon. It's small but the owner is always there and extremely friendly. The customer service is great and even though they're busy and small, I've never had to wait too long to be taken. Never had a bad experience and they do a beautiful job! Clean and friendly, won't go anywhere else!,|,
This was our favorite brewery on a recent trip to portland. Atmosphere was relaxed and cool and the beers were the most unique and delicious. So we went back the next day because it was that good!,|,
I had a small problem with a to-go order that wasn't initially addressed. The owner called me later and made it right.,|,
My family ordered from here while in Ohio visiting family. I ordered the Super Italian sub. It was toasted on a sub roll which was excellent. My family ordered the Taco pizza. It came with sour cream and taco sauce. I didn't try any but they said it was excellent. In fact the next night I ordered the same sub.,|,
Great food and super friendly vibe!! We walked up randomly after seeing them by driving down south 1st and they greeted us by treating us to samples as we decided what to order. The food was delicious.,|,
If you're in JP and you want Thai food, go to Wonder Spice.  Actually, I can't think of any other Thai in JP anyway.  I don't know anybody who raves about it, you just go because you want Thai food and it's there.  It bills itself as Thai/Cambodian.  It has the basic Thai food menu, but the food tastes slightly different.  Maybe it's the Cambodian influence.  Or the "wonder spice."    During the summer, there's seating on a back patio, which is the main attraction, as far as I can tell.,|,
The cupcakes are so good! You can taste the flavor so well! My favorite is Vanilla Bean chocolate!,|,
The donuts here are very good. This is a must go when in portland. I would recommend the blueberry and glazed.,|,
I've never updated a review, but here's the thing, I've never stayed someplace this long. By itself, that's amazing! Skin By Marywynn continues to be the best place ever for facials. Everyone knows how to make your skin glow, but these lovely ladies know how to make things work for their clients. I've never stuck with a skin routine this long. My skin looks great. I don't have weird breakouts or skin issues. I'm delighted and you will be too. Skin By Marywynn is the best!,|,
Everything about this place is amazing - the food, the service, the decor and the ambience! They have such an eclectic menu. We were a group of 6 and had a great time. Their presentation of food makes the food even more appetizing. The drinks also did not disappoint. Definitely visiting again!,|,
HORRIBLE ! Horrible! Service . It's owned by Indians and they're service is not friendly at all ! They snatched my card and rushed for me to pay so they can close. I only went thier because American deli was closed, and this is service I get . Never again.,|,
Love this place. Fine dining in a southern traditional atmosphere. Drinks on the porch are always a treat. Great fish and steaks.,|,
This place is a MUST.  The Roadhouse burger might just be the best burger I've ever had.  The decor is top notch in an old historic railroad depot.  GO HERE!!!,|,
My husband, 3 teenagers and I love Mary!  We never leave disappointed and she is very affordable.  Go see her, she's great!!  1/30/15 Addendum:  Add my mom, a retired hair dresser, to Mary's fan club!  Nothing but praise in Mary's work.,|,
Cozy ambiance and great comfort food! Had the pulled pork sandwich with leek and potato soup and it was the best pork to date! Also shared the gorgonzola poutine which was really good! Great service and fair prices made this a place I will return to again!,|,
Dania....is to furniture what Toyota is to automobiles  A little bit of something for everyone:  Stylish but not too trendy Quality but not too expensive Nice but not top of the line Safe and comfortable but not too boring  not that I drive a Toyota or anything....,|,
Fresh quality food and fast friendly service,  great location and tables to sit on the back. Definitely coming back ! Highly recommended !,|,
Awesome place to go if you're a vegetarian, even if your not.  I go with my veggie friends a lot and I can't even tell what the foods made of, but it taste good.  And they have a wide variety of stuff.,|,
I stopped by to have lunch with a coworker who recommend it. I ordered the big hat burger with cheese and  mixed fries with sweet potatoe fries.  I wiuld definitely recommend both. We also ordered some fried pickles that were good.  I donny think they were the best I ever had but good nonetheless. You do have 3 different sauces to choose from and I would try them all to figure out which you prefer and they do have good old-fashioned ketchup as well.,|,
First time here and loved it! Reminds me of little French cafes in Paris. The Steak Frites was so tasty and the Creme Brulee had that wonderful crunchy top. Will definitely return!,|,
Attentive staff. I got a mojito pitcher for 10$ but it was very very weak. Maybe like 3oz of rum in 32oz.,|,
A great place for our family where everyone can find something they like on the menu. Service is a little slow depending on the night but food is great!!!,|,
Had a fine Wednesday night dinner here. Schwarzbier for husband,  Chateau margui rouge for me,  Oysters appetizer. Dinners: Strozapretti,  Halibut. All quite delicious, good service, nice atmosphere in what seems like an unlikely location. Fine dining on the side of Mount Tabor. Clearly a popular place.,|,
If you work in the area, then you know that this is the place to go for Mexican food. I personally enjoy getting the taco plate or a burrito. The prices are decent, and you can get lunch for around $5, which is a key price point for me.,|,
For this hotel to be so nice, this Starbucks is terrible. They are so slow! This is a high traffic, high end hotel so it would make sense that it be staffed way better than it is. Line at 8:30am this morning is the photo I'm attaching. Not super crazy for a Starbucks, but super crazy to have waited 26 minutes. The workers' attitudes suck. More McDonald's attitudes, not what is expected at Starbucks. Hard pass!,|,
Panlasang Pinoy! I bring my family and friends in this joint everytime they come to visit me.,|,
Out of town on business and just had lunch here for the first time.  I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of items on the buffet and all the items I had were tasty.  Buffet was also well maintained.  Leaving full and will definitely come here again on my next trip.,|,
We were visiting here from Memphis. Steven was absolutely amazing. He was very attentive and made sure we were taken care of. The wings were amazing. Trust me I come from the wing capital these wings could get we the best of Memphis. The adult trivia was also the highlight of the night. If you are in Atlanta this is a great place to get your eat on.,|,
Great food & service. Manager checked on us several times & interacted with guest. Salad bar was fresh & neatly prepared. Waiter wasn't too knowledgeable of the menu, but took care of us more the less. Entrée was awesome as expected. Will return if I'm in the area.,|,
The porchetta is the best sandwich.    It has kind of gone downhill the last few times I've had it.   Flavour seems off and the mustard tastes different.   The cracklings are not as crispy and they definitely don't give you much anymore even when u ask for extra cracklings.   This place is really busy so I usually go there at least an hour before the lunch crowd starts rolling in.   I hope quality doesn't continue to go downhill.,|,
Wonderful, flavorful. I had tofu rice veggie here and it was one of the most amazing things Vietnamese food I've had.,|,
Delicious burgers. I had the Llano Poblano and the bacon and beef patty went together perfectly.  I got it cooked medium-rare and it was mouthwateringly delicious.  My friend enjoyed the Tuna Burger- it had a slight wasabi-like sauce and was surprisingly good. The truffle fries are a must order and so is the salted caramel milkshake.  Will definitely return.,|,
This place ... I LOVE! Very simple ingredients but absolutely delicious! The tali sauce...to.die.for. Definitely recommend it if you are looking for a quick healthy bite to eat!,|,
We were very surprised to have great service and fabulous food! The pizza was awesome and I hear the grinders and jojo's are amazing. Will return to try something else. Some good micro beers also a plus! The atmosphere is very 90's ish... arcade style so good for kids ( just not upscale atmosphere) but neither are the prices!,|,
Arepazo is a great place to go for an interesting meal.  I had a mixed grilled meat plate with tiny arepitas and a fried egg.  The cilantro sauce is wonderful on everything,  but the hot version will blast you with some major heat.  As a special note, I got to the restaurant early and waited at the bar for the rest of my party.  The bartender (Angela I believe) was great and showed me some of the interesting drinks that they make.,|,
For how small this place is they sure have a lot! In the back of the store you can even make your own fresh peanut or almond butter! Why doesn't every place do this?? Beast me. Great selection of chia and kombucha drinks,|,
very delicious. the spicy okra entree is the best--not gooey. a la carte dinner menu is better than buffet lunch.,|,
I love this place.  I've eaten here many weeks, sometimes 3-4 days in a row.  There is something about the food, the speed of delivery, the decor, the prices, the simplicity of the concept, and the people that collectively create an experience that is 'above & beyond' what is expected.  Thus the 5 stars.,|,
Love the Salem Witch Trial and Crucible references. Goody Glover's can get a little cramped, which will lead to at least one spilled drink during the course of the night, but all in all its a great spot for a small group. I especially recommend the upstairs for people watching and a beautiful view of the city.,|,
HORRIBLE!!!! Signed up to take a tour and in exchange they would give us discounted tickets to Universal Studios. Arrived for them only to tell us that we had to be shuttled to another property. This would have taken up our whole morning. I instead asked them to refund my money which they did not like. Woman at desk had a very bad attitude. DO NOT RECOMMEND DEALING WITH THEM. PAY FOR YOUR TICKETS. NOT WORTH THE HASSLE!!!,|,
This is not a friendly place because the staff is very rude and untrained. This place just opened on 1/26/2017 so there's no excuse for tried, unhappy, rude employees. And the door greeters are extremely rude to the point that I turned around and "politely" walked out the door when I noticed the guy had a nasty attitude.,|,
Love this place! It is run by Buddhist nuns and everything is pure vegetarian. The mock meats are cooked deliciously. Do try the barbecue tofu and the combo of different mocks meats (Kung pao or curry comb). We even had the special rice. Note that they have more variety on weekdays. Friday to Sunday menu is limited.,|,
OMG! I love this place!  I go here at least twice a month and I'm not a huge BBT fan.  My favourites are fresh mango with pearl and japanese green tea with pearl.  The pearls are just the right consistency and sweetness.  But don't expect a fancy place.  It's a small store which is always full in the summer, especially at night.  The service is acceptable, but not the best.  You've got to try it! I'm sure you won't be disappointed.,|,
Place sucks. When you walk in and see a sign that says if you sit you commit its time to run for the door. No kids plates overpriced. Burgers were raw had to be sent back. It takes an act of god to get your check. I would think twice before you come here.,|,
Pharmacy service at this location is abysmal.  Every time (EVERY TIME) I fill my prescription they tell me I have no refills left.  I then have to go through a game where they call my doctor, verify my prescription and then I am allowed to fill it.  Over half the time, they never call me back so I have to stalk them (takes about 5-6 phone calls every month) to see if I can pick up my meds.  Such a waste of time.  Everything else is pretty standard for a CVS (overpriced, generally).,|,
Be warned! Extra shrimp on the Spicy Basil Pad Thai means only 2 more shrimp! It costs $3 extra. Not worth it...Overall, taste and quality is decent though.,|,
Nothing fancy but the food is delicious :) only 1 drawback is no liquor license so no margerita:( they do beer and wine though. Will be back :),|,
Wondered in here after seeing the Pink Floyd tribute at the Newport and I must say the pizza was far better than the show. The buzz I had from drinking made the pizza that much better and I'm pretty sure I burned a few taste buds off due to my hunger and impatience of waiting for the grub to cool. Even the leftovers I had the next morning weren't half bad but I suggest reheating in the oven vs. the microwave.,|,
The restaurant looks very nice, I had high expectations for this place but it was a disappointment. I ordered ham eggs Benedict, the eggs were overcooked. Pricy for small portions. The coffee was good tho.  Service was OK,|,
I happened to be in town and was invited here for dinner. Everything I had was perfect, and my foodie friends were equally satisfied. I ordered an Old Fashioned, had a veal appetizer, and venison entree. Highly recommend all three. The chef sent out a complimentary mid-course of sea scallop.  Our server Michael was terrific. A+++,|,
Mom and pop feel to this place. The food was excellent. The staff was very friendly and made us feel welcomed. Heads up CASH ONLY.,|,
Appleton's is good if you are in the mood for some down home country food. We went last week,almost out of tradition just to see the halloween decorations.They do a great job of decorating the place and this totally makes the experience worth while.  It does seem like the prices are a bit steep but we generally only go if we have a BOGO coupon on hand.,|,
The service was really good-friendly servers, etc. The food was really good. My wife liked it, so that's all that matters!,|,
Excellent. The signature chicken wings are amazing. Wonderful breadth of menu. The cocktails are very thoughtfully prepared. Kid-friendly. Strongly recommend.,|,
My new fav Mexican restaurant in Boston!! ALways been an avid Border Cafe goer but this place is more swanky & has a better selection of tequila & enchilidas!!! love that they make custom guac at your table. The corn appetizer is superb & tasty. My only negative are the chips. I think they're a bit too hard & feel like they could be served warmer. Cant wait to go back for more ritas & try dessert.,|,
Had a late brunch here, and not only was the food amazing but the service was also fantastic. Katie was our server and she was attentive, engaging, and helpful. She also provided excellent recommendations! I would go back just for her. Also, huff post didn't lie, those bloody Mary's are sensational.,|,
I've been here twice and loved it both times.    The first time, we explained that we were unfamiliar with shabu-shabu, and our waitress spent a lot of time explaining how to cook and eat the food.    The tom yum broth is amazing, and the kimchee broth is pretty great, too.  Maybe someday I'll be rich enough to order the fancy wagyu beef.,|,
Had a great time at Pour. The Mediterranean wine flight suggested by our waiter was wonderful. Our cheese and meat order was a bit wrong but they quickly fixed both mistakes. Nice place to sip and enjoy the Dresden Drive happenings.,|,
I really like this place and I want to give it 5 stars but lately they've been out of what I want.  I would go to PCM just to grab my favorite dessert but everytime I go there they're always out.  My favorite thing to grab is the crème brûlée and twice I've gone back there, not in the same week and they seem to not have it.  My second choice is the pecan tart and I love how they don't short you of pecans. Lastly my kids love the chocolate tart with it hidden caramel and it wasn't overly sweet.,|,
A lovely surprise.  Had a very nice meal, interesting menu, helpful/friendly staff and a very good space with plenty of parking. definitely will return and highly recommend.,|,
By far the best Thai food in town. There isn't a bad dish on the menu. Love the place, just hard to find a parking spot. It is good!,|,
First time walk in: Got the last 2 "pizza's by the slice" peices. Added the Pep. Well worth the $4.00. Will be visiting again,|,
Arrived at 10:14 for late night happy hour - drinks came fast and so did the food ( we knew what we wanted) always delicious ! This is my regular late night spot.,|,
One of my favorite ramen in Boston. I've been coming here for 3 year. Its ramen soup is so dense and full of chicken flavor！I come twice a week!,|,
This place made me feel like I died and went to heaven. Even though the tacos were really small they tasted like heaven . The experience was great , the whole staff was awesome. When I'm back in Atlanta no matter if I have to take a journey to bartaco I'm not leaving ATL untill I eat there.,|,
It may be the beer talking Judy, but you've got a butt that won't quit. They've got those big chewy pretzels here they're all blthhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh   $45 DOLLARS FOR A HAIRCUT!!  GET OUTA HERE!!!!,|,
The best vegan restaurant in the A!! I always get the Philly!! Make sure you call your order or you will be waiting about 30 mins!,|,
This place is so good and a good price. I was passing by going home so i said naw let's stop by and see.. They have probably six or seven different items to pick from. They way they flipped chicken and those BIG OFF THE WALL biscuits are the bomb... There food was so tasty and juicy and melt-in-your-mouth. It's worth going back time and time again,|,
This is essentially where people wait while waiting for their turn at beast. But I think that's kind of giving it the short end of the stick. It's a very nice place, eccentric decor and great food and drink. We went there for brunch this past week and were quite impressed. Got the rice waffle, hash brown and pork katsu sandwich between the three of us. Everything was delicious and had an underlying Asian hint to the taste. Good stuff indeed give it a try you won't be disappointed.,|,
I have not been in a hotel that has no ice available for a long time. Room is dark, mostly cheap furniture. Laminate flooring throughout. It has a small kitchen area. No flat surface space to put things on. No place to put suitcases. Bed is good, shower is decent. Breakfast is a joke, oatmeal and granola bars. Coffee is good. No decor but seems safe.,|,
Very disappointing customer service at the Lynn location.  Do not purchase a gift card at either Lynn or Winthrop restaurants until they fix the "glitch" that isn't  enabling them to read the balance on gift cards purchased at the other location.  They read a zero balance which is what happened to recipients of a $100 gift card that was purchased in Lynn but presented for use in Winthrop.  They don't know when the glitch will be fixed and feel that no apology is necessary.,|,
They have a selection of Mango and Durian desserts/drink for those who are fan of Mango or Durian. The location is very easy to get to and walkable from Richmond Centre. I would like to come back and try the other items on the menu.,|,
I ordered a 3 meat combo to go: curry goat, brown stew chicken and oxtail. When I opened the container the meal looked like a plate of mush, which might have been ok if the food was tasty. My husband sampled a bit of everything from the container and said "this is the worst Jamaican food I've ever had."   The oxtail was dry and had a weird taste - kinda sweet and tangy. The curry goat, in my opinion was ok, The brown stew chicken was meh.  I will not be going back!,|,
Dined here on a groupon & am I happy I didn't pay full price! I had the crab cake sandwich w/a strange slaw--only fair. Husband had mussels -- smallest ones ever seen & half were empty But the broth was plain terrible. Should have sent that back after 1 taste. Also noted, shrimp w/ Parmesan (should never be served w/ seafood) not the friendliest place either.,|,
Food was good and somewhat innovative, but the ungracious atmosphere made it less enjoyable than it might have been. The staff seemed more interested in turning tables than offering a good dining experience.,|,
ordered delivery, fast delivery, decent pie a tad pricy but i will order again!,|,
The olive rolls are the best thing since sliced bread (ba dum bum) - seriously, though. I go there weekly for these and have a serious addiction!  The 4 stars is only for price (yowza - it's pricey).  The only thing there I don't like are the bagels - which some reviewers here love.  Not authentic in the slightest.  Still, virtually everything else is TDF.  I also love the quirky warehouse setting.,|,
Heard nothing but great things about this place and was anything but disappointed. Great food, great service, great environment! Our server was extremely present and helpful, the food was delicious, served very hot, and was perfectly priced for a college kid on a budget. Had absolutely no complaints about this place and would recommend to anybody looking for great fried chicken.,|,
If you have a group: go here.  The price fix menu ($24/$25 per person) offers an unlimited supply of two of each course.  Order the spinach salad and drinks lotsa vino!  If you have to wait (there is hardly ever one when you make reservations) order the Bellini from the bar.,|,
Disclosure: I have never had the opportunity to visit Dancing Goats. But I have seen other similar independent coffee providers come and go. So you really love the coffee and enjoy the space provided to study or surf the web? Great!  Please be mindful that this is a business that depends on sales to keep those Goats Dancing!     Do your numb bum a favor- get off your chair and buy something!!!,|,
this place is amazing! my boyfriend and i are visiting and we are so beyond impressed with this place! the chef is amazing and the food exceeds my expectation! audrey, the pastry chef is amazing and made my experience by far one of the best is austin! would totally recommend this place in a heart beat! love it!,|,
It would have been a 5 star review if not for the "wifi-connection". I was looking for the best cafes in Boston to do homework, and of course, free wifi was one important criteria but it didn't work. (Clicked multiple times on "Accept and Connect" but it just wouldn't connect to the landing page) Not sure what I did wrong. Other than that, I would say the BLT sandwich was tasty, customer service was good, but the Iced Mocha that I ordered tasted more like a Iced Latte.,|,
Lobster roll was very good, nice toast on the roll. Fries were crisp, overall decent lunch deal. Place definitely smells like a bar and the music was bad, but I'm basing this review on food and nice cold beer. They were out of my 1st choice (Yuengling - OG PA girl right here) but the glass was chilled and 2nd choice (Stella) tasted quite refreshing on a fall day.,|,
Terrible unless you want to order something and eat in pitch darkness, try and then give up, and only hear butt jokes.,|,
Not only was the restaurant cold but the food was as well which is a shame because they have good potential.,|,
I don't think the food is 5 stars, but I love the philosophy behind Chipotle, so I'm giving them 5 starts for that, and for the service. Employees were super helpful as we'd never been to a Chipotle before. Friendly and patient.  Food is 3-4 stars. Fresh, fine, very plain, not a whole lot of flavor...,|,
The woman working there was so incredibly rude. She made me wait a good five minutes and when I finally told her I wanted to pay she acted like she was really pissed and rambled on and on about out of town folks and never acknowledged me. She was so rough with the plants that I selected and threw them in a box. Finally, my friend told her bye and have a great day and she completely ignored him. I really wanted to throw the succulents on the ground and leave. What a complete ....,|,
Fluevogs are my love, my weakness, my indulgence, my favorite of all favorites. They are pricey but worth every cent for the comfort, style and construction.,|,
Terrible customer service experience via Foodler. An hour and a half after placing my order, and after making two calls, I was informed that no one was coming, but that I would need to contact Foodler myself to get a refund. Avoid this place like the plague.,|,
Best casual sushi stop I've ever been to. Droppped by once after work on the skytrain and another time with the partner. Both times, I was not dissappointed and pleasantly surprised at the flavors offered and aburi options!,|,
This place STILL rocks my socks.   I must change my favorite, however, to the Green Curry with Chicken!!! Oh so yummy with a certain sweetness and spice that is so perfect. The pho still has a big place in my heart.   My husband goes for the Vermicelli with Lemongrass Beef. He LOVES it.   The portions are always huge, too, so if you're feeling super hungry, or if you want a meal for two days, this is the place!  And at SUCH an affordable price.   888! 888! 888!,|,
Great coffee however badly let down by the super slow service as constant errors with orders - I think my last 5 or 6 visits my coffee order has been wrong!,|,
Best food I've ever eaten, period. The service was excellent. We came to celebrate my friends birthday and it was all you could wish for. Quiet, classic atmosphere.,|,
This is a great little "mom and pop" German restaurant. The family runs the restaurant and pours their hearts into everything that they do. German food in general is fairly heavy and filling, but they have salads on the menu too. And I have to say, although I hate pickles...the dill pickle soup is actually really good. Worth a try. And do not leave with out one of Anita's home made pastries. Support local small business owners, go eat here!,|,
Dim Sum game on point. I come here every so often from 3 hours away just to have lunch. It's authentic asian food and the decor js badass. There is a large chinese dragon that makes you feel like it's owned by the Triad which makes the food even that much better. The dim sum is seriously the best I've had other than the ones i've had in asia.,|,
Wanted to come here for a while and finally made it. The salsa and guacamole, along with the chips, are top notch offerings. I had the meatloaf, and it was fantastic. My wife had a tostada bowl. She enjoyed it, but her issue was with the margarita. At 12 West they don't use margarita mix, just limes and lemons, so it didn't quite taste right. Overall, a great place to eat. Can't wait to get back to 12 West.,|,
The best part about disney world? Walking off enough calories every day to indulge in a ghiradelli sundae afterwards!  The line gets crazy, but don't let it scare you away. It is worth the wait. All the workers were friendly and they move super fast for how busy they are.   I loved the regular hot fudge sundae and the strawberry sundae. Each sundae is about $11.,|,
I love the atmosphere and the crowd of this place.  It really is chill !!!  The bartenders were nice and friendy and the crowd pleasant and cool.  The reisling was delicious and so were the appy's to share.  Great place for a date or to catch up with friends.,|,
We went there on a game night, and it was alright. Polite staff, ok beer list, decent ORGANIC burger and lots of tv's:) not pricey at all!  My bf bought a budweiser because you get a raffle ticket if you buy it, The beer is of course awful but he won a Bieksa jersey! So let's call it a good night even though canucks lost badly;/,|,
Walked in on a whim, left on cloud 9.  The Bourbon Sea Salted Caramel donut was life changing!  Plenty to split with my boyfriend, although difficult to share because it was just that good!  I have a feeling this is going to become a staple treat for us.,|,
I stopped for dinner on my way through town, and I couldn't be more pleased with the food, service, and atmosphere. The burger is large, juicy, and adorned, and their international award-winning brews could keep a beer lover here all night, and then some.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!,|,
At least it seems like the staff is trying, I understand that good help is hard to find.  I have been here twice and they seem to mix up orders, a lot.  It also seems to take a long time to get your food.  I would say that this place has potential if they would train their staff better.  The food is comparable to any other chicken place, so just speed it up and stop giving me someone else's order.,|,
Dishes were dirty, even after asking for clean dishes.  Food was terrible.  Fries and onion rings were burnt. Shrimp salad was disgusting.,|,
I go there for the relaxed environment,  I would give this place more stars but the WIFI was just awful.  Was there,  ordered a coffee and croissant (it was cold), for over 1.5 hours, server reset the WIFI twice, each time it failed and did not log on.  What's the purpose of having a coffeehouse if you can't do work online with a cup of coffee.  This has happened before too.  I might give it one more try due to the environment.,|,
New into town and needed some furniture to improve my spartan apartment. Was recommended to Cort furniture. Nice show room with lots of options. Daniel quickly came to my assistance and we work together to find some very nice solutions. I would recommend this for anyone looking for short term furniture fixes.,|,
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Boston. I've been to the here a bunch of times (both as Brown Sugar and in its current form) and fell in love, and then was nearly convinced of the existence of a benevolent and loving god when I found out they deliver. Love this place. I'd take off half a star for the price if I could, but I'm rounding up because their waiters are cute and their tofu drunken noodle just totally rocks.,|,
I love this place! I always get take-out here. It is so delicious and affordable. The Pad Thai does not disappoint- It tastes so fresh and is consistently good. The portions are also large enough to have leftovers. The staff is also very friendly!,|,
You see the five stars and you think, okay, this place is probably pretty good. Yes the food is good. Yes, the price is right. But the reason I'm here again while I'm writing this review is bc these guys are awesome. The specials are always top notch. The service is fast and professional. This place rules. Eat here.,|,
This is a huge Shaw's.  It's a decent one, too, plus it has an adjacent liquor store, which is helpful.  The general Shaw's plan of layouts is a bit weird to me, but aside from that, this is a good store.,|,
this place is authentic Mexican burrito portland style world being snotty obnoxious portland. love these people. they remember who you are and ate super helpful when you don't know what you want.,|,
This place is the Harrison Ford of restaurants.  It won't knock your socks off  but probably won't disappoint you (unless it tries to be the president, then even Gary Oldman can't save it). Yes Hyde Park has fries, the Star Wars of their menu (obsessed over past their quality).  The Mac and Cheese is truly the Blade Runner here, sexy and futuristic, with just enough Rutger Hauer.,|,
Gel manicure lasted 2 days. I was working so I called them 4 days after (gel is supposed to last 2 weeks ) the guy told me that is too late to get it fixed and was arguing with me. I told him that I spent $70 right there and as a first time customer I was not happy and that they will loose a client and he answered: ok bye. Great customer service! They have to much customers so they don't care about your business.,|,
Great Chef's Special at lunch.  It seems they've made some price changes along with how they build their sushi rolls.  Can't complain about the changes to the sushi.  A little expensive for lunch, but the sushi is always very tasty so it's worth it.  Great atmosphere as well.,|,
The absolute best Banh Mi in town! No seriously I went on a quest to find out what the best one in town is and it's here.  Staff is very friendly, decor is whatever (but that's not why you come here), and the food is awesome.,|,
One of the best middle eastern food in the Boston area. Period. Excellent customer service and great ambiance. We usually get the Chicken Kebab platter and the vegetarian platter and they all taste great.,|,
I was pretty disappointed at this place as a brunch option.  Portion sizes were small, so the price felt too high than the quality of the food we were served. The only tea they had was plain black tea, no hot chocolate - that was their biggest downfall for me. Service was average.,|,
Loved this place after first visit. Low key, no frills, fresh food and great coffee. Not a lot of space, but who cares? Take it to-go if there's no seating available and walk outside! ;),|,
The Meadow is great!  Any store that specializes in salt is great, in my book, and since that's the only one I know of, that's even better for the Meadow.  I love the Maldon.  I originally tasted it in one of the salt samplers, and I went back to buy a jar of it.  If only I could have gotten one of the big huge jars...  One of these days, when I'm feeling wealthy, I'll get a salt plate to cook on.  I love the selection of salts, bitters, chocolates, etc.  I think this store is pretty darn cool.,|,
Must go while in Austin! The line was long anytime of day.  They also have live bands at night.  This was our first time having their donuts.  But well worth the wait.  Tons of options so do your research before you come.  We left with 2 donuts each.  I think the line is long because it's so hard to pick what you want.  Honesty everything looks and tastes amazing.,|,
Everyone was helpful and nice. I asked the manager for 10% off a soundbar through an obscure price match. He took care of me.,|,
Best authentic Cuban Food i've had in years. It reminds me of when I used to live in Florida. The coffee was to die for and the cuban sandwhich was amazing. I was in food heaven. My husband ordered the "Ropa Vieja" and he was so happy and pleased. Best cuban place ever!!!!!,|,
My husband and I love to try new places, we decided to go to this place and WE LOVED IT, the design of the place is super original, our server was super friendly and the food OMG delicious and they have a wide selection of drinks . We definitely will go again.,|,
I have been here many times either for facial or a massage..I always received an "expected" service. The location is clean with friendly people. The services are always good. I went the the other day and got a facial from Tiffany and it was AMAZING! Weird to say about a facial but she was so knowledgeable about the skin and had some great home remedies for me to try as well as some great products they offered there.   I will definitely be back to see her!! My skin is glowing!!!,|,
Mark and Brent are by far the best stylists and hosts I have ever experienced in a salon. Every visit is personal, entertaining and I always walk out feeling like a super model. I will follow them wherever they go. They're not just brilliant business owners, they are insanely awesome people!,|,
Great atmosphere with excellent authentic Italian dishes. The sides are amazing with the main course. Great service and friendly atmosphere make it a must stop in for people that enjoy Italian.,|,
The chicken tacos were really tender and flavorful! I would definitely recommend them. The fish tacos were grilled and light. They came with 1.5 pieces of tilapia. The cheese dip was good, but could have used a little more seasoning. However, the sides (refried beans and rice) left much to be desired. Given the portion size, and dissatisfaction with the sides, it was a bit pricy.  I suggest they downsize the menu, and focus on the tacos. Great music selection!,|,
Peking duck had crispy skin served with tender duck meat on moist " tortillas" . Better get here before the owner retires,|,
Great fresh tasting sushi. We tried a variety of appetizers, rolls and sashimi and enjoyed everything. The king salmon sashimi was a little on the expensive side but worth it. The sushi rolls we well prepared, fresh and delicious. Our server was wonderful, attentive and friendly.,|,
This chicken totally rocks! Make sure to get the bone in chicken....the flavor is out of this world delish! Mac and cheese was great too! Thanks gus!,|,
The best donuts I've ever had, hands down. Go right when they open for fresh batches and no line!!!! The donuts are so beautiful they could sit in museums. And they taste even better...such incredible texture. Just perfect.,|,
A hole in the wall that is a great value!  Translation: not fancy but filling, wholesome and tasty. All while being inexpensive.  We always get the shawarma, medium spicy. Consistently delicious! Falafel on the side is crisp and fluffy. So good! You've got to try this place. If you've been, go back and support them!,|,
Not so Tight Tacos..  It pains me to leave a negative review for this place since my first experience with them was excellent. My trip yesterday, however, was a different story. I don't know if it's because the cooks were different this time around, but my favorite chorizo tacos were totally bland. Worse than that, the handmade tortillas were mushy, crumbly, and kept falling apart! I can usually put down taco after taco after taco but yesterday? I was struggling to finish my meal.,|,
Awesome. Had the ropa vieja. The restaurant came highly recommended and lived up to its reputation.,|,
This location had to be staffed by the dumbest and slowest Wendy's employees in Columbus. Every time I have to use this location I'm stuck waiting ten minutes in a drive through and get stuck dealing with mush mouths who seemingly never used the sales terminal before. Such a beautiful building wasted on dummies.,|,
I've walked by here a lot, more times than I should and yesterday I finally got around to actually eating here since it was very close to Joyce Skytrain. This seemed like a healthier choice than the pizza by the slice place. Just so you know they only serve sushi and nothing else. They keep the menu simple. I got the cucumber roll and avocado roll, the basic which is hard to mess up. For what I paid I got decent chunks of avocado. The service was friendly and fast.,|,
Fast service, clean interior, and the usual selection of foods. It's also conveniently located near my husband's office, so I can always pop in for a quick snack or lunch if I'm visiting him. Some of the cashiers are a bit rude, but otherwise no complaints. I usually try to find a counter seat for when I'm dining in.,|,
This place was not welcoming. First a friend and I almost did an about face and march out of there because of the sad condition of shop but we were there so figured we'd give the nail salon a try. We came to relax and catch up over a mani/ pedi and was told talking, even quite conversation, wasn't permitted as to not disturb others. We were the only ones in the crusty place!! Done nail Nazi we won't be back.,|,
This is a great choice if you feel like something a bit more upscale, and if you go for happy hour ($2 off drinks and $4 off appetizers) it won't be as painful to your wallet.  Loved the Rotisserie Chicken Flatbread and the white and fuchsia swirled Huckleberry Margarita.,|,
The food was ok, not the best in Orlando as alot of people will say. I got more bones than meat:/,|,
I love Pho man! The food is great. I always get number 25. It's vermicelli noodles with beef and a spring roll. So good! Not to mention, it only costs about six bucks. Make sure you go to the Allston location though. I've been to the one in Harvard Sq. and the servers are so rude! They are really nice at this one though. AND, there is always a parking spot nearby, either on the street or in the public parking lot behind Blanchards.,|,
The ambiance was excellent. I made the mistake and showed up during Trivia time and the building was super crowded. Once trivia ended their was ample space. LoL! My server was very nice and made great conversation. The food was awesome as well. I got the coconut cake to go and it was BOMB dot com. I will be back.,|,
My family and I had an amazing lunch there before heading to Disney. The service was great and the food was outstanding. The Robin Hood sandwich and the au gratin potato cake were delicious. Well seasoned and thoughtfully prepared. If I was local, I would  be a regular! Thanks for a great meal!,|,
BEST FRIES!!!!! CHEESY FRIES TOO! Whenever I call for delivery they are very thorough getting my order right. Also always give me a 45 minute wait time but 9 out of 10 times come much sooner, I've never waited longer. Some pizza delivery restaurants get angry or just leave because my apartment complex is hard to navigate. Dedham house of pizza is always patient and always finds me!,|,
Second time using their drive through.... and again, they miss an item or two from our orders. Frustrating !!!  Though all the servers were nice.,|,
Cannone has the best Italian food in Central Texas. Numero 28 is good but Cannone is great! Salvatore and his nephews provide excellent customer service. When I talked to Sal he shared that he and his family are from Bari Italy, which has terrific food! I highly recommend the cheese ravioli with sage butter sauce, and their tiramisu for dessert. Cannone is a treasure for Austin and once word breaks out the people will be lining the block.,|,
An excellent meal very pricey great service great waitstaff.  :) :) fresh and clean  Enjoy,|,
I've been here several times and have enjoyed every time. This place is well managed, clean, and staff has always been very professional and polite. Some sessions are better than others depending on who is massaging but I can honestly say I have never been disappointed with this place.   For relaxation or recovery, I would recommend this place completely.,|,
Best Indian food ever! Everything was delicious.  From pankoras, tandoori to saag paneer. Naan was flaky delicious! My new favorite Indian restaurant.,|,
Dr. Kim did follow up regarding my review which I appreciate... She apologized, stated that she didn't intend to make me feel guilty about not coming in or mislead me about my post-dilation condition.,|,
Our waiter Esteban was outstanding. It's a great waterfront location and food was very good.,|,
So, I deeply despise the Central Square Tavern with all its douchey collegiate clientele.  Thus, I was pleased to discover a Tavern closer to home, and with a much more neighborly feel.  The thing is, this is no 5-star restaurant, but the inexpensive draughts and decent food (love the shrimp po'boy) do the trick.  The atmosphere leaves quite a lot to be desired, but at least this place is clean and with its size, always has tables (again, more than I can say for its urban sister).,|,
Wasn't sure what to expect as I'm used to going to registered massage therapists but I enjoyed my experience here. The massage was good, long, unique and a great price. What more can you ask for?,|,
Bright and clean atmosphere. Friendly staff. Street parking in front and side of the street. Free neighbourhood parking further ahead. Clean bathroom. Lots of desserts to choose from. From ice cream, bubble tea, macarons and bubble waffle you will never run out of options. There is a possibility that seating will be difficult on a busy day.   I ordered the ultimate mango and it's just the right amount of sweetness.,|,
Tried this new pizza tonight. We used the online ordering and it worked great and came in 30 min just like it said it would. We ordered the bbq pizza with the new bbq drizzle and cheddar crust. Sorry but it was not that great. Wasn't expecting much because it's Pizza Hut but with all the new commercials I expected it to be better than it used to be. Bbq sauce was way too sweet and meat tasted funny.,|,
The black bean burger was a little mssy to eat, but the turkey burger is delish!!!  Their fries are some of my favorite ever!!! love their soda options and their shakes are great!!!  Biggest problem is that there is ALWAYS a line, but they handle well.  I love the idea of not haing to hunt down a table, they do that for you and you just wait in line to order your food.,|,
We were surprised that this was as good as it was. Attentive & friendly service, good price for the (huge) house salad; hubs fish n chips were a step better than we expected. (We were stuck in pre-security til we could drop our bags at the Frontier desk, which opened much later than anticipated. Wanted to try a restaurant post security but we're glad we picked this spot to eat!),|,
Prices are a high. Food ok. Beer is good. If going for craft beer alone.. you'd hit the spot. Unless your significant other doesn't like.  Then there isn't much variety for them. Wait staff is friendly.  Place is clean.,|,
New, clean, affordable.  Not much else to say if you have been in one you know the atmosphere.  I just wish they would get a T.V. or Stereo, it does get a bit dull just watching them and other customers!!  Try them, support them, they are a business in our area of town!!,|,
reasonable services, price as stated $$, quality was ok but nothing really shine.  i was there in Jan, so need to found my photo :( later,|,
Food is generally good but the service... Took 25 min for the main course after we got out appetizer, server never refilled our water glasses (no other drinks ordered). It wasn't all that crowded either.,|,
One of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. This location shouldn't even exist. There was multiple hairs in our food (mind you me and my family all have black hair and the hairs were blonde) and we were disrespected so much by the server. When asking for the manager, I heard the server call my friend a bitch to another server. This will be the first and last time coming here. STAY AWAY!!!,|,
Only accepts cash and doesn't like you bringing your Starbucks,|,
Scenic Courtyard. Great Service. Wonderful Experience.,|,
AWESOME store. They have a GREAT selection of furniture especially, compared to the other thirft stores that I've been to in the area. Currently they are having half off specials for items with price tags dated before a certain date, SO we got a 9 drawer dresser for 40 bucks. Pretty excited. On the way out I also grabbed my daughter a little rocking horse for 2 bucks, and she loves it. If my kids are happy, I'm happy.,|,
Amazing food!! The sangria is absolutely the best!! Phenomenal service!!! Highly recommend!!,|,
What the fuck, man? No sample cups?!  Otherwise, it's a pretty standard yogurt place, standard flavors and toppings, but selection is pretty minimal. The yogurt was also kind of "drippy"/melted coming out of the machine.,|,
Authentic Asian bakery making quite delicious cakes and pastries. Haven't gotten bread from here before though.,|,
Awesome!  Juicy Awesomeness! Did I mention it's awesomely delicious? I'd go into details but it's better if you just go to this awesome place. Cheers.,|,
Omg! I just finished my food and is the best restaurant In orlando, is amazing, the food was incredible, the service was unbelievable, everybody was so nice and sweet always smiling, you can see in the way they work, they like to do what they are doing, I was seating on the bar and my bartender was always so attend, her name was Lucy. I have a really good time there, I really loved in there, I recommend it 100% everything about this place is amazing.,|,
The service from Steven was excellent!!! The food was spectular! We will definitely be back to try different things on the menu and some more sushi!,|,
The gelato here was okay. I was confused on the location at first because it looked like a place for kindergartens or something. The place was very colorful and playful and that's cool if you're into that. The flavors of gelato were okay. There wasn't anything amazing about it. I had the caramel brownie and tiramisu and it was okay. Overall everything about this place was very kid like and I guess that's nice if you have kids.,|,
Had the ahi tuna today. More then I expected in flavor an presentation. The owners are very friendly and helpful! As a person who works in the food industry and had my hand in top notch food trucks and restaurants this one has great potential! Stands out from the rest in the area,|,
I really liked this cafe in Boston. I had my favorite fish from the east coast 'haddock'. It's not popular in the west coast where I live and I was super excited to have it the other day. The cafe was very nice with nice staff. I highly recommend this place.,|,
Love this place. Love watching movies and eating food. Orders go through pretty fast. Love the Jam & Aioli Burger. Love the Chocolate Chip Cookie Shake too.,|,
Yummy! I got the sloppy joe with onion rings and it tasted amazing! First visit to a wahlburgers and I loved it! If I see one I would probably go back again for more sloppy joe lol. I'm so hungry thinking about it now. This is for the location in Lynnfield I believe near that bowling alley and apple store.,|,
If you happen to be in town or just wondering where to go after busy week - Marlow's Tavern is the place "must visit". Order Blueberry buck to start with. Definitely try firecracker shrimp and tuna poke as an appetizer. For an entree: Black&Blue burger was pretty good, I recommend Prime rib French dip sandwich, it's just WOW, amazingly delicious. Our server Josh B did a great job. It was a really nice dinner after a long day at Disney.,|,
Gluten free pizza here is amazing. Matt, one of the managers is fantastic - Jubi is always there with a smile and beyond beyond helpful. This place is worth any trip - no matter the distance. With celiac, this is a nice change of pace for gluten free pizza.  Thanks Blaze Team - always enjoyable stopping through.,|,
You don't need me to tell you how wonderful Keen's are.  I will tell you that if you need to try on every pair to make up your mind, that the crew at the garage won't hold it against you, and will bop outside and upstairs to their overflow storage areas to grab you everything your heart desires.  Add to that the fun and funky store layout, design, decor - leaps and bounds above wasted time at your local chain sporting goods store.,|,
A lot better than wild side in my opinion.  Better food, service, and ambience.  Nice bar area and they have a kick ass solo musician who plays Wednesdays.  They just switched it over (from wildside).  I'm sure they have kinks to work out but all in all we had a good experience.,|,
I need them to know how to cook what's on their menu. I got the Morning Flatbread which came without crumbled hash browns and melted cheese. They took it back and just broke up the hash browns on top no melted cheese. The service was great #knowyourownmenu,|,
I would give this location a 5 but they really skimp you on the bowls.  And it's not just the meat.  They put barely any rice in my bowl..... like.. it's rice.  At least cover the bottom.  Otherwise good as usual.,|,
I like Mondays, though it's never listed on the website, they have Fried Green Tomatoes! If you're wanting good ole comfort food, Matthew's is the place.,|,
These people can't get an order right to save their lives. They bark so fast through the drive through they don't get your full order, and don't even ask if the order is correct. Which of course it's not. Then they don't even bother to fake a smile at the window. Super super rude. Don't bother coming here at all. Food tastes like trash anyway.,|,
came during happy hour, nothing but great things to say. the big ass burger is indeed big and yummy. the lamb was good too and i assume so is everything else. the service was prompt and the view is amazing overlooking the lake!,|,
If I were still in college, this is where I'd be the most. But I am not, so I can see that this place is a total dive. Still, a dive has its perks... cheap beer... and, well... cheap beer. The food isn't bad, too. I'd go again if that's where my clan was headed.,|,
Response to Brian's responsr: Brian, you forgot to mention that you were verbally abusive as well and then REFUSED to take payment. Worst. Customer. Service. Ever.,|,
Simply put, I can rely on Lemon Thai. I usually have it delivered, and it almost always arrives sooner than they say over the phone. The quality is good and consistent, especially for the price, and the staff is friendly and accommodating. If you disagree, you're probably stupid or pretentious. I'll keep ordering from them until they close, I move too far away, or they stop doing what they're doing.,|,
This is such a great place! My husband was originally taken here by his Korean coworkers and he loved it so much that he decided to bring me to dinner here for date night. I loved it so much as well! Such good food, a nice atmosphere and very friendly service. This is a hidden gem that I feel should be way more popular than it is.,|,
I love oleys! It's one of my fave soul food and Caribbean places to eat ;) I usually get the oxtails, potato salad, cabbage or collard greens, rice and peas, and macaroni. Their ribs are good too!! They no longer offer Groupon only yelp so keep that in mind when purchasing Groupon. I would definitely recommend going here you won't be disappointed. The manager is very nice and personable too :-),|,
The avocado margaritas changed my life.  My friend who doesn't even like avocados ordered one by mistake and loved them.    The rest of the food was very good but we all know the star.,|,
Excellent salads, fast service! Good affordable place for a cheap and quick lunch. I like the option to get a half or whole portion. Usually coupons on receipt. Minus one star for less than spotless bathroom with sink that sprayed all over (though the doing area was clean), location (strip mall), and parking.,|,
This was our first time here. The staff was super friendly. It's a cool environment, much cooler than a normal pizza place. Nice bar area. The pizza was very good.,|,
Some of the best coffee in The Boston area! I got the flat white and loved it. Coffee snobs test it out!   Come here for a quick coffee or takeout. Seating is very limited but I think that's intentional. Interior is cool and my service was friendly.   No Wi-Fi. Not much seating. Just good coffee and pastries!,|,
Edward and the team were great. They made what was meant to be a fast dinner feel special and well-considered. The good was great, portions not overwhelming. This is a newer restaurant and I hope they do well. If you are at a conference in town and close by, don't miss out.,|,
I love popeyes chicken and drama.  This place can combine those two things in a moment.    Not every visit will have as good a show as I would like but when you get the right one your hooked.  I would not take the kids though.  The area can be a little rough and the best shows happen in the parking lot are not something u want them.to see maybe.  I have witnessed fights in the street, alleged prostitution and drugs,  and then some of the nicest folks in the world work there.,|,
Amante in North Boulder is my go-to coffee shop. I spend almost every day here getting a cup of tea or coffee and settling in for a couple hours of work. Everyone is super friendly, and there is always a good vibe in the place. A cyclist hang-out spot, but its a super mellow place to relax and enjoy a nice beverage.,|,
Friendly staff here....good deals...theres always sales becaues its on Northeastern University's campus, ( you know college kids need the deals.),|,
Delicious sushi, soothing music, modern atmosphere, and adorable bartenders! What's not to love!,|,
Still my favorite place to go. I keep telling them they should have another location in Boston. I want food delivered to my house in Boston too lol. C'mon but  this is definitely the place for Haitian food with great presentation and awesome customer service.,|,
Awesome perk for DVC members.  Vacationing here with friends and access to the exclusive lounge helped make our time together amazing.  Bartender Mike and server Luc were awesome!  We had a great time hanging out and talking with them several nights.  Food was great and drinks were amazing!,|,
Don't get the shrimp and grits for $9.  It is served in ramekin dish.  Wife got chicken and she was happy though.,|,
朋友生日时去吃的，提前订了位置和烤鸭。 餐馆依水，景致不错。 在我看来只要不是特别惊艳或难吃，手法又相似，烤鸭和全聚德就没什么差别。 凉皮很好吃哦，虾，蟹也都不错，鸡的味道一般，还吃过什么忘记了。 总体菜色味道都还挺好的。,|,
Dr.  Connall and his staff are wonderful.  They are highly communicative, compassionate, committed to their field, and professional.  I was extremely satisfied with the work I received.  I will always recommend him to anyone looking for any kind of cosmetic surgery.  My experience was entirely positive.,|,
Solid place for solid food!  The Staff is attentive & friendly.  The place always seems busy and it shoukd be as the food is really good.,|,
This is the worst and slowest Starbucks in the state! You not only have to wait 15 minutes for them to give you your black coffee but it likely will come out with an ingredient you didn't ask for. Seems like there are plenty of people working behind the counter but it doesn't seem to matter, they couldn't be more disorganized or any slower.  I wanted to go back to the tip jar and take my tip out...,|,
I have been looking for a nail salon in this area without luck for several months now. I am so glad I tried them! Song Lee gave me a deluxe pedicure and waxed my eyebrows. Her attention to detail is perfect! She is super friendly, sweet and accommodating. This will be my regular spot from now on!,|,
"Best Rubin" I have come here several times, each time I try something different. Today I had the Rubin which was excellent, I have had it 2 or 3 times and feel it is the best Rubin in there area. Last time I had the Fried clams which were excellent as well. Great family run business,|,
It's like a Brazilian Chipotle. So good and healthy! I love all the options you get with your bowl. I wish they had one in Denver because I'd be there every day!,|,
We were in the mood for a burger, passed this place that said "burger" and we stopped on a whim. Great burgers, great stockyard fries, fairly nice service. Single complaint was the avocado on my friends burger was not ripe enough to eat. Delicious, will defintely be back.,|,
One of P-towns best breakfast spots for sure. Awsome homemade hollandase sauce. As another reviewer mentioned, you have to smuggle ketsup in, but it's small beans compared to all that is good. Get the biali ... topnotch.,|,
A good place for folks staying at the Hilton who need a quick lunch. The price is right, the sushi is decent - I got a few spicy roles and they were on point - and my seaweed salad and side salad were delicious (but of course hard to get wrong). Recommended for folks stuck in the Peachtree Center area.,|,
I'd heard the phrase "if you don't like Mexican food, you haven't had it right" before, and always brushed it off - until I ate here. The Super Torta bread is fantastic, the service is friendly, and the food is really something else. I go here 2 or 3 times a week for a quick meal. You must eat here if you're in the area.,|,
Good BBQ.  I liked it better than the Salt Lick... (note, I can't eat beef so take that with a grain of salt) or ignore this.  If you eat Chicken and Turkey, this place is great!,|,
I love me some Wawa! So happy to have a bit of home down here in O-town. I love their coffee. A lot of coffee flavors and flavored milks. Their hoagies are great. You can't really go wrong with them. Also their donuts. Usually clean and feels safe, even at night.,|,
Decent food, prices and very late hours. However, expect extremely noisy and poor seating during typical dinner time. Other reviews talk of getting orders mixed up, and both my trips also had mix ups with the staff. If you're ok not being able to chat while eating and having to double check your orders, this could be a great spot for you,|,
Got our first delivery and it was amazing! So fresh and so clean. Lovely customer service, also. Highly recommend.,|,
Came to pick up my wedding invitations at Goosefish Press and noticed this cute shop! The people working there are very friendly and there is a trendy rustic vibe. The iced coffee was delicious. They lose one star because they weren't serving breakfast sandwiches in the late morning. I think people would like it if they were available all day.,|,
Definitely an institution that is a requirement in the Pearl. Sarah, Ingrid and Molly are the best. Need to switch the selection of music. More variety!!,|,
Hennessey's, much like every other spot on the Union strip, is just an 'eh' rating for me.  The food's OK, the beer selection, decent, but it just lacks any destinguishing characteristics that would ever make me want to make  this a destination for dinner, drinks, much less a full night out.  And a cover charge for lame live music? Eh, no thanks.  Eh.,|,
Went here on a rainy memorial day weekend.  Had to wait a bit to get a table with waitress service.  Very kid friendly.  Okay beer selection but this is a plus cause in PA most burger joints don't have a license to sell beer.  Menu is straight forward.  Burger was just okay, but the decor and continuous streaming Whalberg movie hightlight reel is what gets this place 4 stars.,|,
Nice establishment. Parking is rough. Like fish?  I hope so cause even general tso's tasted like it.  Waitress was very nice though.,|,
Love coming here... The atmosphere is literally amazing and vibrant it's always a great time here. Also, a big thanks to Lee for showing my girls and I a great time and introducing us to the porkbelly taco which was AMAZING btw. I'd suggest anyone to come here.,|,
One of the best meals I've had in recent memory. I had Bread and Olive Oil, Ruby Red Trout, and Habanero Cheesecake. All three were 10/10. My old fashioned was pop perfectly made. Sit at the bar, service is superb. Really awesome happy hour beer special, too. Highly recommended and I will be back.,|,
This is my first stop in since they moved the brewing equipment to a new location and it looks great! Now there is a stage, some games, and wayyyy more seating! It seems they were able to expand their beer selection as well. For July, they have Shandy Sunday's, with a new shandy every Sunday. This weeks is delicious!!,|,
Romantic bar with fabulous selection of craft beer and wine. Huge bar seating area. The occasional food truck outside is always an added bonus. Soft lighting and warm woods. I love you, Thirsty Topher. Never change.,|,
To be clear there is nothing actually bad about this place besides the coffee, the size of the shop and their clientele.  The staff was friendly and the service was quick.  The coffee was overpriced and sucked but still not my issue.  It was just what the place was that I really hated.  It wasn't a coffee shop.  It was a scene to be at and talk about your Instagram not to get a cup.  A very Portland experience.,|,
Great CASUAL place to hang out with friends - went there on a Fri for post-dinner drinks. The place has a DJ who was playing great music (and took requests from my group). Friendly staff too. Didn't try any food - so not sure what the quality is like for that BUT they did a good job on our cocktails and shooters! :),|,
This place is amazing.  We came with a group of 6 and didn't have to wait long for the deliciousness to start!  I had the crab Benedict and the Biscuits and Gravy, our table also had the fried French Toast!  To say it loudly "party in the mouth" was had by all.  You will not be disappointed, run don't walk to this place!,|,
Excellent value. Great and friendly atmosphere. Good quality sushi at a great price.   This is my 3rd visit here and it is worth the drive.,|,
Great prices, great quality sushi, very quick order fulfillment.  All of these are tough to find so close to Newbury, but we haven't found any place in the Back Bay that compares.  My only complaint is that I can't get the rewards system to work, and they won't / can't manually add points for me after placing an order.,|,
Consistently good food and service. Fairly expensive but worth it!,|,
Not that great. So disappointed, had enjoyed KB in Portland some time ago... the counter help had a sour attitude, he seems to really dislike his job :(  Burger ideas were great, and so was the beer! Buns were gummy and thin. Excellent fries! Burgers are really kinda so so... great patio seating, not so awesome burgers.   Go to clarks downtown instead.,|,
Not bad, a decent little Italian restaurant on the ground floor of the Park Plaza Hotel.  Generous portion sizes.,|,
El Leoncito is the best.  We had some cuban food in South Beach and it didn't even compare.  Love the chicken fajitas, palomilla, yellow rice, picadillo, etc.  Margaritas are great!,|,
From the service to the water service to the food it was awesome.   Sofia, our waitress was beyond attentive. She anticipated every need and was there before we asked.   The entrees were served and so pretty. Perfect sizes and perfect taste.   Can't wait to come back.,|,
Took advantage of the Portland March Madness and tried out Oba. We were very happy with the selected menu and everything was amazing!!  Portions were a little small but we were filled up by the time we got through dessert and the lava cake was amazing!  Service was impeccable and liked the vibe of the restaurant. I would definitely come back again...Oba!,|,
The best tortas in the city! Good food, excellent service, and great location - love this place!,|,
Great neighborhood bar.  Plenty of TVs, great staff, dart boards, cheap beer nightly.,|,
I love Chez Machin! The staff is very friendly (props to Kevin!) and the food is great! (Plus the whole restaurant has been updated with the new owners.) Yes, they get busy, but that's the sign of a good restaurant! (If you're in a time crunch, don't go at peak times!) any wait is totally worth it!,|,
Most of the food we ordered were pretty good.  We had the bone marrow ( very tasty, definitely would order this again ), mushroom tapas was sautéed just right, squid ink tapas is delicious ( i would come back for this again ), beef tongue was not bad, oxtail tapas was in my opinion just okay prob because I'm not really a fans of onions ( had so much caramelized onions in it ), octopus dish, and the seafood paella ( shrimp was not that fresh). The flan was rich and thick...love that!,|,
This food is AMAZING. Never had a bad meal here. It definitely lives up to the hype. A little pricey for a lunch meal but totally worth the visit. And the location off 85 is very convenient. I always order the filet mignon tibs and switch up the sides. I'm never disappointed with the sides. I love the fish tibs as well! Lots of options for different dietary restrictions (vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian, Keto, paleo etc) so it's a good place for groups. Enough reading, JUST GO!,|,
Pizza/bread-stick wise, they seem to be trying to be the Little Caesars competitor. As a fan of Little Caesars, Riverside blows them away. While it's a bit more, it's much better, easier on the stomach and doesn't taste like mediocre freezer pizza if you re-heat the next day.  The staff is friendly, their other options are priced well (only had the breadsticks and cheese bread...little Caesars still has them beat on cheese bread) and overall a good place to go if you're feeling pizza.,|,
We went here last night based on mostly positive reviews. What a disappointment! Overpriced, crowded, poor service and tasteless food. Pass this one by!,|,
Love Papi's. It's authentic, the staff is really friendly, and I'm glad they're finally getting some recognition. Everything is good here, including all the daily specials. Cuban Sandwich is still my favorite item.  Picked one up today- $5.67.  Also try the Papi Relleno-it is like a chile relleno except instead of the pepper, the meet is surrounded by this potato/kinish concoction.,|,
This is the place that turned me into a pasta-convert. Who knew that fresh pasta + real ingredients would = such amazing combination of taste and texture! Usually I'm full after two bites or so and then I'm done for the rest of the year. Here, I polished off my plate, started eyeing my friend's plate enviously and then came back a week later to do it again! My waistline is not going to thank them for this. Warning though - this place is very very busy. If you can wait, you won't regret it!,|,
How did they describe that terrible pizza on The Office? "Hot circles of garbage"? That's Pizza Oasis. Portland is a town with generally low standards for pizza, but this place takes the cake. The terrible, awful, cake. Mushy, bready crust, watery tomato sauce, low quality cheese, and heaps and heaps of generic, flavorless toppings. Avoid at all costs.,|,
No frills pizza.  Slices of cheese pizza for $2.75 and the slices are huge.  They do not skip on cheese.  The crust has a lot of corn meal, which I am not a fan of.,|,
We went in for dinner.  Waitstaff were very kind and the host even pushed my stroller to the table.  Our waitress offered crackers to us for our infant, which was great and kept her busy for a while.  Ordered a cheeseburger and it was pretty ordinary...nothing to rave about, which was a bit disappointing.  Nice decor.  Have been here once before with a group and the waitstaff was great then too.  Thumbs up for good service.,|,
Can't go wrong with Olive Garden ever but Becca and Josh (the manager) are fabulous and will go out of their way to make sure you are happy and satisfied! Highly recommended,|,
This place has THE BEST mango fried rice I've ever encountered. I recently moved out of town, and this is pretty much the thing that I miss most.,|,
these guys were super friendly.. and helped us get going.. have a family of 5 with three young girls.. rented a canoe.. and just enjoyed being on the water.. one small note.. once u get ur canoe/kayak.. u have to walk it down about one block to a local park to get onto the water.. they give u these small wheels that go onto the bottom and make it fairly easy..,|,
Not crowded at all on a Thursday night. The lady that cut my hair did a great job and was very talkative! Seems like this is hard to find now a'days..... Nothing like sitting and getting hair done in an awkward silence. The barbers is slightly on the expensive side but I did get a hot neck shave, this I completely recommend! 4/5 stars due to the lack of parking.    Snip Snip!,|,
The brown sugar gelato was quite tasty not my favorite place but still up there on my list,|,
I saw a rat running through it.  It's on the pier and very much open to the outside.  It's a good place for a late night drink, but I wouldn't eat there.,|,
Nothing too spectacular, just a local pub on Charles St in Beacon Hill with good brews, good music, and darts.  When I was in town this place became my hangout spot for evening fun.,|,
This KFc is the wirst. They would not let me pay for extra cheese. How stupid. I was told there's no button on the register. I even spoke to the manager Marco. I wont spend my money at this KFC ever again. Just plain rude.,|,
Great experience our server Alice was so accommodating. Even with it being busy she took great care of us. I definitely will be back. Thank you.,|,
I can't say enough about this restaurant.  We were so excited to have a 'city caliber' restaurant in our area, and are regular diners.  I can honestly say I've never had a bad meal.  The food is terrific, and the two owners Ian and Vincent take a very personal approach to running it - they are always present, and greet us warmly when we arrive.,|,
I like this store even though the lines can be long as hell but they always took control and open other cashiers. I want to point out one employee in particular.  Susan on of their cashier. She's always friendly and strike conversation with any customers. Shout out for Susan! thank you for never making me feel uncomfortable.,|,
Delicious red racer on tap, great friday night live music just steps from the skytrain. I met a friend here and snagged a few bites of his dinner which was pretty good. the service here wasn't good, we had to wave our arms anytime we wanted to order drinks again. Overall a fun spot with lots of bubbly fun vibes.,|,
It is a quiet place for delicious ramen. It is self-service style and my favorite is #1 Signature Ramen.,|,
On a quiet Sunday evening I had nothing to do and I was feeling a bit hungry so I walked up Robson and found this place.  I had the house specialty the Mega Bowl!  Have to say it was on the cool side (temperature wise). Other than that the bowl was both tasty and filling. The restaurant's decor was more cafeteria style than a table clothed restaurant.    I grabbed a take out menu on the way out!  Who knows I may want to come back again!,|,
Very pleased. Service was awesome, she took her time explaining the menu and what she referred and what we had to try since it was our first time there. Which were the beignets and she was right! AMAZINGLY melt in your mouth.,|,
No berries. No blackberries. No blueberries. No raspberries. No strawberries. I did have the pulled pork samdwich with cole slaw that was only $8 - it was mediocore. Definitely dissapointed - usually Krugers Farm is such a fun place to be! Also, there were about 20 - 25 customers and two cashiers. HIRE SOME PEOPLE, C'MON.,|,
I came in randomly after seeing it next to my hair salon, this place doesn't pop up on google. Extremely friendly and helpful young guy helped me. He was really knowledgeable and didn't push me to buy anything. They have organic juices which is awesome. I will definitely be back and I highly recommend,|,
Delicious, delicious, everything was delicious! Fried green tomatoes w an incredible accompanying tangy green sauce, watermelon salad, ribs that were tender & sweet w a kick, a shredded carrot & jicama salad, and a crusty, shrimp po'boy (sandwich).   I'm not from the South, so I can't vouch for authenticity -- but I can say a delightful meal, good service, and an interesting & unique decor.,|,
Over priced Over rated. Nice place but you paying to stand in line and wait to sign up. Then it's hours away to play.,|,
I know there are so many good things on the menu but I can't help but always have the oysters and grilled chicken almost everytime I go in.    Both are "must haves" along with a nice glass of wine!,|,
This place was deceivingly great! From the exterior it looks unremarkable but in the backyard of it there's a large amount of space pretty good music and the bar service is quick and efficient. I was also pleased with the liquor selection.,|,
If you're looking for Hawaiian shave ice, it's definitely not this but it's a good treat to have when it's 90+ outside.,|,
Great place to get poutine in Boston! Very chill atmosphere and the staff are friendly. They always have a cute little poll running where they have customers vote for certain things in their tip jar. It's in a convenient location, but seating is a bit limited. I'd say this place is my go-to when it comes to comfort food.,|,
We are a Sushi family and we go back to Nanami frequently.  This is a quiet place with decent service and pretty good sushi.   If you live in the area, you definitely need to check it out.  This is not my favorite Sushi in town, but it will do the trick if you need a Sushi fix in South Austin.  Try the Rock and Roll or the Nanami roll.,|,
For coffee, wifi, good atmosphere, and cozy couches, there's no better spot closer to UT. It can get a bit crowded at times, but it's well worth it. They have seating both upstairs and downstairs, and the view out the front windows is nice.,|,
Mole was some of the best Ive had , but the ceviche was mostly tomato, and wasn't very fresh tasting. We chose the fish and octopus, and there was only a single piece of octopus in it.  The avocado margarita was good, but a bit overpriced for the size. The Daylon margarita that my boyfriend had tasted like the glass still had dish soap on it. Our waiter was very pleasant, but it seemed as if he just had to up sell the "unauthentic food".  Overall... Not very ideal.,|,
Great food, the cheesesteak is a must. Cheesy meatball sub was a good choice too. Waiter John was courteous and funny, definitely coming back when we're in the neighborhood. Looking forward to the cheesecake brownie next time.,|,
Very unprofessional owner , and some staff!!I do not recommend this place. I tried this place a few times, and I won't go there any more. My gel nail polish came off after a couple of days and they charged me again to fix it ! I do not recommend this place at all!!!,|,
i like the place in the afternoon, for late lunch... cold beer.... the menu got redone a little bit ago and i am making my way thru it!!!!! I have not been disappointed!!!!  Cudos kids, keep up the good work!!!!,|,
The food is OVER Priced and is not fresh and the portions are very small as the waiters are car salesman... the managers don't even care why your returning your food,|,
Not the best chipotle. Something about this place seems very minimalist and not in a fun cool art way. It's ok.,|,
Continually good visits at this location, when this first opened and for quite a while after, not so good. I am pleased to say every time I've been in recently has been great !,|,
These guys don't get enough credit.  The neighborhood is lucky to have such a beautiful restaurant.  The food is fantastic.  The chef has a real passion for his work.  His business partner is a real charming guy, involved with the community.  Go get a combo plate and enjoy a meal with your friends.  They do a good job.  You'll enjoy yourself.,|,
Hot dog with Japanese inspired ingredients = yes please. I am now addicted to salted seaweed on my hot dogs. Awesome prices and the staff are always happy.,|,
Terrible food. The salad is definitely not worth $10. Tried macaroni and cheese, and the clam chowder. Both tasted like they were out of a bag. Won't be returning.,|,
Salad = Excellent Bread Sticks = Excellent Seafood Portofino = so so...,|,
Extremely overpriced because it is one of the only hotels on this side of town.  I stayed for a conference and had multiple issues with our air conditioning that they wouldn't fix and they didn't have additional rooms they could switch us to.  I emailed the hotel and didn't get a response back.  The benefits are it's right on Green line of the T and within walking distance of Fenway.  I would try to look into other options if you are in the area.,|,
The food here is decent but it won't knock your socks off. They start you off with homemade chips and salsa; I've never gotten stale chips, and the salsa has the perfect amount of heat (could use a little salt). The tortilla soup is not the best I've ever had but it is pretty good. The migas are great, and I also like the taco salad. I'd avoid the burgers (but hey, it's a Mexican restaurant, why are you getting burgers anyway?). The restaurant itself looks rundown and could use an update.,|,
Best Shane's location I've ever visited at. Super awesome staff, food is always amazing and the music is crazy awesome!!! Love this place.,|,
I love this place, super cheap, delicious food with a fun factor (you can pick a ready made bowl or choose your ingredients - gotta try it to understand what I mean). Friendly staff and clean, easy environment. There is always a good reason to come back here :),|,
We love this place! It's not the prettiest restaurant but it's clean and spacious enough and has lots of interesting pictures and such to look at on the walls. Service is great and always friendly. Big portions of food and very tasty; no complaints about the food whatsoever.   A must have!: one (or more) of their fruity shakes. So so so so good! J's favorite is the piña colada shake, but we've tried four or five different kinds and like them all.,|,
Everything on this menu sounds amazing.  Their cocktails were really well made and satisfying.  The duck poutine was exceptional, and the po'boy was really good.  We must have picked a good time, because even though the restaurant was busy, we were seated right away.  Next time I visit, I'd definitely like to try more of their menu.,|,
I love this place. It isn't cheap, but worth the money. Great salsa and queso. Order the crab enchiladas or the enfrijoladas with a chilango margarita. My only complaint is how loud it is inside.,|,
The food was so good! We got family style so we got to taste everything fron the Aphrodite menu ... I think that's what it was called. All the meat was delicious the lamb and pork wow. Our waiter was so helpful and sweet. And we did some of those shots... they were fun and I even got convinced to dance on the table! I will be back next visit.,|,
That was delicious! Everything was fresh and homemade. I had the beef mala with fried rice and wonton soup. The wonton were homemade with thin dough. The stuffing and broth were so flavorful! You can tell that they take pride in their food.  The beef was tender and so flavorful. It was a dry sauté and it was perfect!! Will be back next time I am in town.,|,
I got my tattoo done by KC on Monday 7/24. I got there an hour before they stopped accepting walk-ins and they were very nice and helped me decide how big I wanted my tattoo, and gave me prices up front. The process was much easier than I expected and I'm dying to go again. The place was nice and clean, and KC made sure to show me that he was using sterile tools. I was comfortable the entire time and I absolutely love my tattoo,|,
We were so glad to see a tofu house opened up in BOS.  We came as a group of 5ppl to try it out. The answer in short was it's all right. would i come back? maybe. would I be a regular? maybe not. I think i can make better sundubu than them, and i am not even Korean.,|,
Best Mexican restaurant I've ate at. Low prices and a large variety of dishes. I highly recommend this restaurant.,|,
Yummy breakfasts/brunches.  I have eaten there 5 or 6 times.  Every meal has been delicious!  The only detractor is that it can take a while to get your food, but it's always worth the wait.,|,
Love this place....everything we have eaten here is fabulous!  It is always packed on the weekends so prepare for a long wait.  If you can squeeze into the bar the Bloody Mary's are delish!!,|,
Went to Boston to celebrate our 5th year wedding anniversary and I must say this is not a romantic hotel.    The staff is really friendly and helpful, but the location is awful. You are only close to TD Garden and since there is a sports game every night, the streets get filled with drunks.  The rooms are clean but NYC size (tiny).    Will not be returning to this hotel.  I will make sure to stay in the Back Bay area next time, close to Newbury St.,|,
This little store has all you could possibly need when it comes to Indian spices or food. Reasonably priced and very friendly and helpful owners.,|,
A simply delicious experience. Fantastic service and fresh authentically modern French cuisine. Not outrageously expensive either... Definitely a new Boulder fav!,|,
I went there last night...we were outside on the patio, good view and ambiance, good food but so many Rats running around .. after a woman started to scream, I left !! It is not at all acceptable having rats in a dining area!,|,
I grew up in Sichuan. To me, this is so far the only authentic Sichuan/Chongqing hotpot in greater Boston area. Koi is located a bit far from where I live(Cambridge), and there's usually 30+wait until finally seated...nevertheless, it's eventually worth the time when the exciting spiciness touches my tongue.,|,
I've been to EWC many times for underarm waxing. This review is for Dawn, who always cleans me up meticulously and has such a fun personality. She understands so much about skin and skin care and always imparts this knowledge on me. To be honest, sometimes the front desk staff have been a little weird, but it's worth it to see Dawn for my waxes.,|,
Worst service ever of the 5 years I lived in ATX, and food wasn't even that great... there are better places for cajun food in Austin...,|,
This was the first food truck I tried out here in Austin and unfortunately no other place I've tried after that experience was even close to how good this was. The service was awesome, the pork quesadilla was made with so much love and care, I'm still salivating and I probably will for the rest of my life! So sad I didn't eat all my meals there now. So impressed!!!!!!!,|,
The place is very clean and the employees really try to get you in and out quickly.  It is a non traditional fast food joint meaning you get a "meat and veggie" meal instead of a burger and fries.  The prices are not that bad either.,|,
In the Shingle Creek Resort.  I ordered the three tacos and they where rather good!  Being from New Mexico, they stacked up minus the green chile. The large margarita was huge and I would suggest something more gourmet rather than the plain house Rita.,|,
This place is solid.  tons of space for people to work.  Good food options.   Live music at night.  Incredibly attractive baristas and clientel.,|,
The Mohawk is a good place to see a show. The bar area is a bit tiny, and can be difficult to get a drink when it's crowded. I enjoyed my time here, and would definitely go back.,|,
Food here is great and affordable. The service is usually pretty quick, but they do seem to take their sweet time giving you your check sometimes.,|,
$17 for a thin sandwich and a drink?! It's not that good. Go down the street to Moxie for a sandwich 3 times the size (and it's not all bread, they pack on the fixins) and a better taste.   Sorry OSC, I tried. Just not worth it. And really surprising it's not. You sell a good game.,|,
the meat quality definitely cannot be compared with that in Zen Shabu. However, the price is unbeatable! It is pretty good for a get-together. you can take your time, sometimes the whole afternoon, chatting and eating the buffet! definitely worth giving it a try,|,
If you go to Viva Day Spa, request Hayley! My muscles were TENSE. Hayley took her time, actually felt for my problem areas and made sure most of the knots were out. She even gave me tips on what I should do at home to help with the tightness I was feeling. I've had many massages and this was by far the BEST!,|,
Great weekend buffet. All kinds of curry, all kinds of flavors, my go-to choice when hungry from being a couch potato on a Saturday.,|,
Loved this dinner!! We got a spot right next to the kitchen and loved watching them prepare the oysters and other food. The food was absolutely excellent and the service was great too. Best branzino I have ever had and the oysters were yummy too. This place will be a must visit next time we are in Boston!,|,
Live music on a Sunday afternoon. Had some drinks and chips/queso. Just came to relax and enjoy the atmosphere. Good place with a nice view of the lake. Same food/drinks as Ollie's in College Park. Little more laid back vibe though.,|,
The drinks are amazing.  The crowd is early to mid 30s trendy and fun, the place is cute and I'm such a fun new area of buckhead now that they've made it into an ATL version of rodeo drive.  The food honestly is not very good at all. Paella tasted like minute rice with minimal seafood in it, some of the entree plates get lost in translation.  I'd be back for drinks anytime, but food??? Never,|,
This is a great place to smoke hookah. Joeseph took great care of us and we totally enjoyed the night.,|,
Bob's has delicious subs and pastas. I just wish they had delivery!,|,
We got the hazelnut, the Boston Cream, the maple bacon, and the caramel bourbon. All great and fun donuts. The hazelnut was my favorite because the flavor and texture made it really enjoyable. I'd eat any of them again. And the staff was fun and friendly and informative.,|,
Young and friendly owners ! Positive atmosphere and gives good advice on fresh food and ingredients. Opened the shop for us even when they were closed.   Positive and happy customer service !,|,
Good variety of soups. Fresh ingredients, lively flavors. Quick and friendly service. Interesting that someone posted that the people who cook the food aren't Japanese. Most of the times I've been there, they are. That said, MOST cooks in some very good Italian restaurants aren't Italian--and that goes for many other types of restaurants too. You don't have to be French to be a French chef. Or from the sea coast to cook good seafood.,|,
Want a one of a kind, great tasting, and high-quality meat burger? Go here! Atlanta is sometimes overwhelming with so many good places to choose from.  We went here on a Sunday unexpectedly and next time we visit atlanta this will definitely be a stop.,|,
I went there for the first time after walking pass it many times. My expectation was not that high. I thought it would just be another chain eatery around town . I was pleasantly surprised!   The menu is trendier, & more interesting. I love their fried Brussels sprouts, their ahi tuna sandwich,  & their fun sushi bomb 2.0  I would go back just for the Brussels sprouts!   Very good service too!,|,
I enjoy their lunch specials, they are great. The fish selection on the counter looks limited in variety compared to H Mart. They are good quality but just limited number of selections.,|,
Working with Amy last year for my daughters Frozen themed party was a pleasure. The snowflake cookies and magnificent, true to the movie "Frozen Fever" cake we're gorgeous, flawless and so classy! The delivery made my day go smoothly as it was one less thing to worry about. Start to finish, I can't rave enough about the experience. About to place an even more ambitious order for this year's party. I'll post pics and another review here. Thank you Amy!,|,
The food here is always good but the service is so bad it's not even worth the trip. They don't appreciate their customers and the host is always really rude. Loved this place but they have given me horrible service so many times and I will not keep spending my money here.,|,
Prices have increased a lot in the last few months.  Prices use to be comparable to Red Cat but find that prices are a bit more now.   Not sure I would want to purchase unless it's during their sale in July or December.,|,
I eat here once a week and it's always been a pleasant experience. Staff is wonderful and food is always delish!,|,
My hubs has to go every weekend to get his Summermoon fix. He gets a 20oz mochamoon every time and every time he takes the first sip he exclaims, "Ohhhh, MAN that's good!" Almost a year of weekly Mochamoons and it's the same reaction every time.  During the Austin summer heat, my favorite is their Nitro.  Always fun people serving up the brew that is true! Hard to find parking at the S 1st location but it's our go to in South Austin.,|,
I've only been on Friday nights with the Mariachi band. Excellent experience. You have to come.,|,
Have to look for this place as its off the beaten path. Kind of dark and dingy, but I usually order take-out. Food is good but not exemplary. Not too pricey, even at dinner. Good options if you have a vegetarian in your family.,|,
Keeping this short and sweet.....Best diner IMO.   We always come here for Sunday breakfast and let me tell you, I have not once been disappointed.   From their creative muffin flavors to wonderful tasting coffee flavors. This place is the place to go.   Fluffy pancakes, crispy bacon, and phenomenal service.   Just remember to bring cash :) Or download the LevelUp app to pay.   Enjoy!,|,
The staff is very nice, fast and the food was fabulous! We had the guacamole and it was just perfect. I highly recommend this place for the high quality food and staff. The cost was about average.,|,
The ladies at Bella provide excellent customer service! They answer emails very quickly, even when not open. They are well organized and very helpful and patient. It was easy to schedule appointments.. I went in 5 times total!,|,
Lumineer's show.  The "HEB Lawn" area was so packed it was standing room only all the way to the back wall. There was no security monitoring the sole walkway at the back of the lawn, on which people were camping. Ingress and egress was impeded making for a very uncomfortable, and dangerous, situation. The situation was so bad I did not even stay for the show. Tickets were way oversold, in my opinion.,|,
since i'm here. i might as well review it.   i'm happy to have another cafe in union square... its good ambiance, good music (wolf parade, yeah yeah yeahs, and last of the mohicans soundtrack. can't beat the mix) and good coffee. the main downfall is its loud.  perhaps its just the obnoxious people next to me (you should hear one girls laugh... its out of control), but it seems like sound travels a lot in here - so my studying has slowed (hence the review).,|,
I have been living in the community of deep cove for 45 years. I find Buddhaful over priced and some of the staff extremely rude! Especially Maddy. It has turned me off going to have lunch or a smoothie at this place. Try another option in deep cove before going here. #visciousvegans,|,
I've been living in Austin for three years and I love the place.  Their chicken pad Thai is really good.  I also recommend the panang curry or the pineapple chicken. Best deal is to go during lunch,  they all you can eat appetizers (place gets crowded so go early or be prepared to wait!).  There are no free appetizers with the dinner but it's a nice environment.  The staff wear traditional shirts. Oh yeah,  don't forget to order their Thai tea!,|,
My boyfriend and I went here for Valentine's dinner on Sunday. (Saturday was completely booked!) It was definitely worth the wait. Everything was delicious. I had the filet.  Also I am in love with the white truffle mac n' cheese. :-)  We had a great dinner. The atmosphere and decor was wonderful. I LOVE the wood, leather and all the unique lights!  We will definitely be back. I  suggest making a reservation, as even Sunday night dinner was very busy.,|,
They do not have vegan noodles contrary to some reviews online, but do have a vegetarian option. I'm allergic to eggs and both their noodles and regular chicken broth have eggs in them (sad!). They subbed my noodles with a bowl of rice and I got the veggie broth. It was tasty, but unlikely will be back due to the lack of vegan options. The Ramen Butcher and Benkei will remain as my regulars!,|,
Worst chipotle ever! Dirty, bad balance of ingredients, and bad flavor. How is this possible??? Also, this one doesn't sell beer. I shouldnt have eaten the burrito......,|,
A friend took me to this place.  What a great experience.  The service and food were top notch!  I love the linguine...,|,
Came here for dinner with friends, I was craving shrimp and their grilled prawns did not disappoint. The prawn macaroni and cheese was surprising good. Most places tend to make macaroni and cheese to rich and creamy for me. This one was baked the way I love it and filled with yummy prawns. The servers and managers were extremely friendly and attentive, a bit too chatty for my taste but a great bunch.,|,
Get the Roasted Mellanzana wrap!! It's soooooooo tasty.  Everything is delicious here - you really can't go wrong!,|,
The best yummies on Centre Street.  If you've missed lunch, their spinach quiche is superb: if you need an afternoon pick me up, the cheesecake to die for; if you need company for your morning coffee, the pulla is comfort food at its best.  I am a huge fan and hope to see it getting busyier now that it has WiFy.,|,
Yummy, greasy, cheesy, cheap, open late and quick. What more can you want? If you're doing a night out in the South End skip the crazy expensive pretentious dinner and eat here. Then continue your night of drinks and music at any one of the many great bars in the area. You'll have more money for the fun stuff and honestly the meal will be just as good.,|,
This place has some really awesome burgers. Granted, you stand in line for a while but it is well organized for the crowd they get. The beer selection is also good. The fries and the burgers are great!,|,
The sushi here is fresh and really quite tasty, for a not-outrageous price.    The menu consists of fairly standard fare (basic nigiri, decent selection of maki, etc., but nothing particularly exotic or original), prepared in a fairly standard fashion, but sometimes that's what you want.  To me, this is "comfort sushi" if you will.,|,
I went to the new Burnet location and the service was excellent! The people working there are nice and amazing. The food was fantastic, although the portions were small for how much it costs. It was filling though.,|,
Best Hawaiian food I've ever tried. I ordered the pork tacos, omg best tacos ever. you have the option of adding avocado or grilled pineapple, but the tacos itself are large full of meat. Topped with a very different slaw and what seemed to be Pico De Gallo. After devouring them I realized it wasn't Pico De Gallo it was finely chopped papaya. Seriously best toppings ever. The owners were super friendly and very attentive.,|,
The Hot & Sour Indian Spiced Fries take the cake... well, potato anyway! This is tied for my favorite plate of fries in Portland (vis-a-vis Shawarma Fries at Gonzo)! When I'm ready to dive in post-cocktail, I partake in the Crispy Brussels Sprouts when they are in season. It's the perfect combination of sweet and spicy.  To round out the feast - I select a crafted cocktail (or two... or three? Hello Uber.) http://expatriatepdx.com/cocktails/,|,
The only reason I gave this spot one star is because the staff was friendly.  If you want food that tastes like cardboard this is the place for you. I'm not sure if it's pre-made, or they don't know how to turn the grills on or what. If you want food that tastes like food move on.,|,
This is become our go to place for a real good treat. The food is excellent the portions are generous the people are friendly and we just can't get enough. They have a dish it's called Costa Rica Whitefish and it is our favorite. They have a vodka cocktail that's called Texas heat that I really enjoy. Our favorite appetizer is the CHONBURI SHRIMP. You cannot go wrong!,|,
Small local place owned by a Korean family. It's nothing fabulous but everything nice. It's inexpensive, tasty, warm and welcoming. It's like visiting a friend in Korea and your friend's mom cooks up a feast for you. I agree with what Marc said but I would like to add one thing: it's not a good way to experience Korean "cuisine" but it's a perfect way to experience every-day Korean home dining.,|,
Amazingly talented! Every time I have shown the nail techs a picture of what I wanted. They nail it every time!!!! (Pun intended LOL) I highly recommended spending your hard earned money here!!!! I am never disappointed!,|,
This place is horrible - got a French manicure and it was so uneven and messy, I may as we'll have done it myself with a blindfold on (it would probably look better). I asked the nail tech if she could please fix it and she made up an excuse and blamed it on me. I would give them zero stars if I could. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE,|,
Love me some Fellini's Pizza. Some of the best pizza in the city. Best value For the price vs quality an quantity. Just wish they would turn the music down by half. Often hard to hold a conversation the music is so loud.,|,
This is now my new favorite ramen shop in Vancouver, not for the ramen bowls themselves, but for the tsukemen.  The broth is served in a small bowl and they put a boiling stone in it to keep the broth warm throughout your meal.  I order the noodles cold and it comes with an egg on top and it makes me happy just eating it.,|,
Best donut I've ever had. Filled with blackberry compote and dusted with peanut butter. At first I was upset walking in there and only seeing one flavor of donuts left ( come early- by afternoon they're all gone!), but after I tasted it, it was hands down the best donut I ever had. Warm, had a nice homemade flavor, not too sweet, light and airy, and the jam was flavorful and perfect. Wish I lived in Oregon to try more!,|,
Salon in Richmond BC. Close to Price Smart grocer. Hair, nails, threading, etc. Had a manicure and pedicure. 90 minutes. Friendly staff.,|,
I am so excited to have found such extraordinary skin care! I just moved to Portland from Los Angeles and until I came across Skin by Marywynn I thought I would have to fly back to LA for skin care. I could not have asked for better service, which is given with the utmost tender, loving care :). And my skin feels amazing! Thank you Marywynn for bringing such joy to my life here in Portland. I can't wait to go back for my next appointment!,|,
Horrible. * 40 minute wait. No big deal. Friday night.. Is Atlanta.. NBA Final on.  * Took 15 minutes for server to assist us. * 15 Minutes to get drinks * 30 Minutes to get wings * Beer Warm. First one and second one. Didn't drink either.  * Homeless people coming inside to beg for food and money * Restaurant visibly understaff  * Patrons sitting there not consuming and just watching game.,|,
We're the couple from Gladstone and we were NOT let down one single bit!!! Amazing taste in EVERY bite and made with love!!! honestly two of the nicest guys making the dankest burgers!!! We will be back!,|,
Soondubu jjigae FTW.  I got the hot pot bulgoki and chicken soondubu jjigae combo.  I ordered the jjigae spicy and daaaamn.... it was spicy!  Hours later I still couldnt feel my tongue!  I shot fire out of my ass the next day and it didnt even matter.  BTW both pots came out boiling to the table which was perfect on a chilly fall evening.   Kaju's primary focus is on tofu jjigaes (stews).  This is a cool alternative to the KBBQ joints and korean fried chicken places.,|,
This was one of the best dinners we're have ever had. Our server, Shane, was fantastic! The food was perfect and even our picky eater cleaned her plate. We will definitely be returning and highly recommend.,|,
Good food. Full of UFC douchebags though. Very VERY choked that they wouldn't even book a reservation for my husband's surprise 30th birthday. I booked at St. James' Well where they actually threw me a bone and took care of it. Its good for lunch or a beer after work, but I would never go back for an event or anything that involved any work on their part. meh.,|,
The donuts are good, but I guess I was expecting more after all the hype I read. The brioche batter definitely makes a difference in the taste of the donuts, which I liked, but of the four different types I tried, overall they weren't anything fantastic. The hard cider apple fritter was very tasty though. But the fact that we paid $20 for four donuts plus coffee left a stale taste in my mouth. For that much money the donuts needed to be spectacular.,|,
Likely the friendliest staff in Atlanta. Was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food which rivals other local establishments like Bone Garden on taste! Definitely our new go-to Mexican restaurant.,|,
the food cannot be catogorized as asian food. Worst ever. Bad&slow service and definitly overprice,|,
Fake "mexican" food (again, picture me making air quotes), made by underpaid white people.  It's trying to be an upscale version of taco bell.  Totally gross.,|,
My wife and I ordered our outfits for our wedding and loved them so much that I came back for a full wardrobe. The service here is amazing! They are incredibly helpful and have a great selection of fabrics. I would not dream of going anywhere else.,|,
They are the best times 87! Not only is their food delish but their customer service is stellar. I lost my keys and they looked everywhere to find them and found them!!! I was a happy camper with them going above and beyond. Go here, they rock! But really....,|,
Part of Dine Out Vancouver promotion 3 courses $28 1st: Cauliflower soup (okay) or tasty mixed green & julienned veg salad 2nd: Delish halibut/potato/shrimp dish or pasta w/short ribs (where's the beef?) Prime rib was another option for $10 more 3rd: Dessert Bar - get crazy Excellent food service by Serge Beer on tap or bottle; liked the Phillips Cream Ale House focaccia bread was okay,|,
Dosa was good but extremely poor service. The folks were totally dis-organized. I don't know how  restaurants like these survive or get good ratings at yelp, tells me something not right with the ratings.  It took them 30 mins to get me Dosa. I also ordered some curry to go and after I was done with my food, it took them another 10 minutes to get the curry. Next time, I will try the new Dosa factory 2 blocks away.,|,
They have great tile.  My only issue is I had scheduled them to deliver my tile and I called the day of delivery because no one had showed (or called).  It took them some time to find my information that we had just reviewed the day prior.  Nice people but they need to get organized.,|,
This place was great! Servers were nice and they had games like Jenna and Scramble to bring to your table. The reason I knocked off 3 stars is because my ice cream tasted like ice with chocolate chips in it, I was uber disappointed. Unfortunately since that was the main attraction, I don't think I'll be coming here again. I enjoy the concept though.,|,
90% staff members friendly 80% for food especially Boma is 100% 30% room clean 20% housekeeper  100% safari view 90% bus service  100% other amenities pool, simba kids club, night movies at pool, story time etc. My room was smelly carpet, dust everywhere, dirty sheets, tv remote control felt extremely dirty, bathroom toilet sit wasn't clean again smelly!! Everything else was beautiful if only my room was nice and clean I would have given 5 star.,|,
Their fries are delicious, whether with the variety of dipping sauces or Poutine, which has a gravy and cheese curds on top of fries.  The pork belly sandwich was bad though. The meat was all but pure lard.,|,
My friend and I came here at about 8PM on a Saturday night with a reservation and were seated almost immediately.  The waiter was really nice, but didn't come back to check up on us and refill our water.  Had to ask for napkins.    Food was great, service was otherwise fast, and a great experience I'd recommend.,|,
Overpriced, food was sub par, more of a joint to meet up and drink than eat a good meal.,|,
This place is not only fun but incredibly tasty and entertaining. Ariana is sweet pretty and a master on creating specialty and amazing drinks. Also on a sillly side note she put a fun flower on my beer as I joked about not-ordering a fancy drink. Well I wound up ordering drinks for our group and felt important and simply had a freak'en great time.  Come by,|,
I eat here a least twice per week. The food is delicious, the service is over par and the price is right. This is a great establishment.,|,
I ordered takeout during at 3 in the afternoon and it wasn't really that busy. Got 3 rolls the house,  box and spider and ended up waiting 30 minutes.  The rolls were tasty but took forever for a takeout order, especially since it wasn't that busy,|,
I'd give five stars for its hot pot! Definitely the best Chinese hot pot in the Boston area. If you miss real Chinese hot pot, go to KOi. The spicy base and tomato base combination is my fav. Don't miss this!!,|,
You not only delighted our senses, but inspire us with your passion for sharing your decadent art! A real treat!,|,
Herb's has ruined me for mac and cheese. Our favorite is with bacon and pepperjack cheese. It was recently sold to Tommy but he learned from the best and the quality has not suffered at all. I think of myself as a pretty darn good cook but I can't come close to this mac and cheese. It is the best I have ever had.,|,
My husband and I usually get take out and it's always good! Our orders are always correct and the staff is super friendly. Will definitely continue coming back.,|,
Amazing Italian food with no pretense. This is the best Italian food I've had since moving to New England. Fresh, large portions arrived hot out of the oven, but not too hot.,|,
Great menu, good food, and reasonable prices.  Friendly wait staff and we were able to get in immediately on a very busy night at many other establishments.  Will be coming back here.,|,
This is a wonderful boutique for gifts and cards.  The owner was super friendly and and has such a wonderful collection of unique and interesting merchandise. Will definitely be back for holiday shopping!,|,
Excellent breakfast place. Recommend - waffles. raspberry caramel, dark chocolate sauce. Lavender latte. Be there at opening or be prepared to wait.,|,
Great burgers, good cocktails, nice place to grab a bite but be prepared to wait.  They are always busy.,|,
This is one of my favorite lunch places in town. The gyro is amazing. Also try the roasted chicken wrap. I love their fresh pita bread and the hummus is to die for. They also carry Ahmad Tea, which is getting hard to find.,|,
Amazing! I absolutely love their food and the people who work here. The food is always consistent and the place is never too busy. The drinks are good as well, but pretty pricey. I wish they had more vegan options as well, as all the curries have fish sauce except the yellow curry (and who wants that one?) The cashew is my favorite and their Tom Kha is SO good. Whenever we take people here, they always love it.,|,
I live up north and still drive down here regularly to see Derrick, because his hair/beard cuts are tight as hell. Everyone here is really nice and the shop has a fun, laid back atmosphere. As an added bonus, they play great music... the last couple of times I've been there, I've learned about a new band because someone played them while I was getting my hair cut. This place rules.,|,
Being asian and my hometown is very Asian oriented, I would say the desserts here are mediocre. I have been here twice... first time was not very impressive... second time did not change my thoughts about it... except that the almond milk tea does not taste as good as their coffee! I had their Hazelnut mocha... it was BOMB... get that next time! Aside from that, I have ordered #10 and #11. My friends have tried their special and was not impressed either.,|,
Great authentic Chinese pastries specializing in more tawianese style pastries as opposed to cantonese bakeries in Chinatown.  So, you will see very unique pastries.  Very good and fresh.  Best Tawainese bakery in town!!,|,
Great for breakfast. Chicken and waffles looked really good. But I only had the simple 2 egg breakfast which was perfectly done. No wait on a Sunday morning was a big plus too. Highly recommend,|,
Great pie. I kept expecting Tony Soprano to walk in. Authentic. Family. Local.,|,
Very cool place.  Reminded me of several spots in the Bay Area (Poggio's in Sausalito comes to mind, but with a Southern twist).  The spicy rigatoni was fantastic - never had fried oysters before but they were a great addition.,|,
The fact that this place never has a line, yet still manages to do well right next to Stephos tells you something. It tells you that most people try Stephos once, think "what the freak!?" and then they notice coy little Takis, and decide to maybe try that little joint sometime in the future instead. And some of them remember, and they do go back to try Takis, whereupon they eat a delicious spanikopita or something similar, and are they not disappointed. Moral of the story: eat here.,|,
Not bad tacos but the only thing going on for this place is that they have a liquor license.  You can watch the Canuck games, drink and eat $3 tacos.,|,
Delicious!  I think we tried everything on the menu but we couldn't decide which  was our favorite. Mushroom brioche, polenta, duck confit, and the must have Mac and cheese. You won't be disappointed.,|,
I was very satisfied with the juice I bought from this juice bar.  The people who work there are very friendly.  The juice came out exactly how I like it from back home!  They have ginger and wheat grass shots as well.  I don't think anything is organic or they don't advertise it as such.  Be sure to check in on Yelp for a $1 off savings coupon!!,|,
I use to like this place but the last meal got me sick for a week. Avoid the pakoras like Ebola.,|,
We love this place. Simple, easy, and so delicious! I always for the carnitas! But my husband eats many of the others and loves them all. It can get busy but the line moves quick, food comes out pretty fast and tables turnover quite readily.,|,
This place is one of the best vegan spots that I have ever tried. Okay, so, it is not in the best location but don't let that stop you from getting a good meal. The staff is super friendly and brings out your food to you after it has been prepared. They have soy, non soy, & raw options. I've had the shrimp po boy, collard green spring roll, & mock salmon sandwich. All of it was good!,|,
I love this place.  Old school diner with great greasy, fattening, carb-laden breakfasts.  Very friendly staff, great location in Multnomah Village that feels lost in time.,|,
The food isn't great but it's not awful, either. It's the perfect spot if you've got a hangover or want a casual breakfast without an insane wait. I also love all the ladies who work there.,|,
Great local company! Ive done tons of business with them from buying garbage disposals, faucets, toilets even toilet seats! They are always very nice and helpful and affordable! Ive learned so much about plumbing since my dealings with them!,|,
Absolutely, positively, one of the best restaurants in Atlanta. Everything was good and the service was great. Healthy, but seasoned well, upscale yet casual somehow. I will definitely be back.,|,
My experience here is always excellent, I highly recommend to request a taco shell bowl when you order a burrito bowl, it doesn't cost extra and it adds a whole new dimension to your meal. The staff at this location are great and the portions are perfect.,|,
First time in this place and I will be back every time I am in town. Everything including service excellent. But the best thing on menu has to be the Slow Roasted Lamb Shoulder!!!!!!!  It was absolutely succulent.  Tender and flavorful on inside with a bit of roasted crust on the outside. The flavors were amazing. Every bite was to savor.  It is a must have!!!!  Great experience.,|,
Great food and atmosphere. It was our first visit to the restaurant  time and we were pleasantly surprised. Jessica, the server, was wonderful. We haven't had any luck with the restaurants in Medford square, and this restaurant really made it for us. Thank you for the great dinner. We will be back and try some other dishes.,|,
Great beer, fantastic food and wonderful service. I really enjoyed the atmosphere of this place and would recommend this spot to everyone. The flight was an impressive 13 tasters!,|,
One of the most delicious kabob houses I have eaten at in a long time.  I highly recommend the Chicken Barg, it's a grilled marinated piece of chicken breast cooked to perfection. Served with a light salad, rice and garlic mayo. Delicious!  Hummus and Baklava are also amazing choices!,|,
As always, I come for the ambiance, impressive array of brews, really good food, and a friendly, professional staff. It has a Cheers kind of vibe to it, you know, where everyone knows your name.,|,
They have the best donut here that I have ever had. I would tell you what it is (rhymes with Rudder Silk) but then you would start buying them up and they would run out and I would be sad. So they have horrible donuts stay away from them or let me cut in front of you in line to get the Bluther Lilk donut... Or just buy me one.,|,
This is one of the best steakhouses in town. Although their lemonade was pretty tart. Other than that the waiter was super kind and patient. I had outdoor seating and it was really pretty. I got the filet mignon and it was delicious one of the best I've eaten. Definitely would recommend if your looking for a nice steakhouse in Portland!,|,
Been back to Loops numerous times, they are always friendly and pretty quick, all items cooked to order.  ALWAYS delivered HOT as it should be!  They are not shy with the protein portions....have yet to try something that I did not enjoy..they are talking about a 2nd location....,|,
The queso- hands down best I've had. The veggie taco salad is so good and the dressing is very good. But the down side is the inside is very small and clustered. The outside seating is good though.,|,
I loved the result of my massage. I went during my two last weeks of pregnancy seeking relaxation.  A well deserved "treat" after 9 months of changes in my body, mind and spirit and before the final act: labor!,|,
Carnitas skillet had lots of flavor, would recommend it. Chicken was waffles was decent. The chicken was crispy and juicy but the waffles were a bit too soft,|,
Not the best place for Thai food... I ordered red curry with shrimp and chicken and it tasted too watered down. For $10, it came with only two pieces of shrimp and was small portion. I was hoping for a better experience because I've heard many good things about this place.,|,
NIce space. Music is too loud, I couldn't hear myself talking. Coffee is bitter. Very expensive. Poor customer service. Unfriendly (hipster) atmosphere. No jack to plug my computer; chocolate croissant is a rip off, very little chocolate to be called a chocolate croissant or pain au chocolat. Chocolate should be set vertically & not horizontally (no need to go to France...check out some chocolate croissant pictures).This place is definitely a "Give me your money and get out." kinda of place.,|,
AVOID AT ALL COST. A horrible experience with both service and food. We first walked in and the host did not even welcome us and wasn't showing much kindness when he led us to our table. Our waitress was as slow as a snail And we were her only table. They could of redeemed themselves with the food but the chicken was undercooked, salad wasn't fresh and the sandwiches looked like something you get from a bad bar restaurant. Best wishes to this place...,|,
The filet Oscar was bomb! We were thoroughly disappointed by the drinks from the bar however, out of the four drinks we ordered none of them were great. Drinkable but not up to par with the cost. Shoe string fries were a little too crunchy, and the potatoes were over cooked but the desserts were phenomenal.,|,
Great Food...Clean...HUGE salad and side dish selection. Everything is fresh. Good for large groups.. Great service, all of the food is full of flavor. Many different varieties of meat choices. If you're not a meat eater, i dont suggest going here. They do offer other things, but the whole concept is about trying all the different cuts....Definitely recommend if you're in the area.,|,
This is a great, comfortable spot with nice drinks and good food.  On weekends it can get ridiculously crowded which for me, so ain't worth it.  Great on Sunday evenings or mid-week, even Thursday.  But I'd avoid it like the plague Fri/Sat.  Nice staff, too.,|,
Unfortunately I cannot give Baraonda a great review. The service was horrible!  From the time we entered the door, to the hostess to the bar.  The staff was rude!  We even asked for the manager who had the same attitude.,|,
Everything looks and tastes amazing. If your on vacation looking for an inexpensive dinner this is where you want to be. Out of the 7 days we were on vacation, we had dinner here 3 of those nights. The fajitas were my favorite!,|,
Pretty decent thai food.  Not the best I've had but it definitely satisfies my cravings.  Thai iced tea is pretty good from here.  The portions are decent sized and the prices are just right.,|,
I have been to 95a at least 11 times in the last year! I have NEVER had a meal that was not supurb, nor have any of my guests! Their happy hour is excellent, the wine selection lovely and the variety of choices on the menu are extensive.  There are many restaurants much closer to Boulder, but I am happy to make the short jaunt.  I look forward to taking my grandsons and let them run in the large green area off the outdoor patio.,|,
I will not return. The injera is terribly disappointing and the rest of the food doesn't make up for it.  I brought two friends here telling them how yummy Ethiopian food is, only to say after "Please don't judge Ethiopian food on this.",|,
Best Thai food ever!!! I will only eat this Thai food it is so amazing and fresh!!! The workers are so kind and respectful,|,
Definitely, the best north indian cuisine in Austin. Their weekend lunch buffet is a treat - lots of indian delicacies. I usually visit during weekdays - and order off the menu. This place is ridonculous busy on weekends...get there early if you do decide to go on a weekend.,|,
I love the menu and the people are nice. The restaurant is clean. But I just wasn't thrilled with the food. I had the veggie hash and it needed a sauce or avocado or cheese or something. I also didn't love the bread on top or white potatoes on the bottom, and it seemed smaller than I expected. Not enough mushrooms or tomatoes. I also got the chai latte and I'm not typically someone who wants super sweet drinks, but I had to add sugar to it.,|,
Walked in for a screen cover for my new iPhoneX. I was greeted by Don Ekland from your Natick location. His customer service was impeccable. Great knowledge of products and delightful conversationalist. Not to mention the screen covers he installed look perfect!,|,
Pretty good prices for the serving size, but I was not impressed by the food quality. The fried rice is quite bland.,|,
Alexis helped me! Great late night service. I'm right down the road and wanted a late night pizza hut call Dana she was very helpful over the phone. Definitely recommended. A+!,|,
This place rocks pretty damn hard.   Located right off of 36th on your way to Boulder or Denver, this place is easily accessible to the commuter and to those that live in Superior, Interlocken, or Loiusville.   I've always found the prices to be excellent (even better than Liquor Mart, so much so that I sometimes make the drive) the wine selection to be good, and the staff to be helpful.   Oh, and you get to build your own 6 packs here....!!! Perfect when you want to try something new.,|,
Amazing.  This place is my new favorite lunch-time spot.  I've had all of the chicken dishes.  I'm not normally into really spicy food--the vindhaloo is REALLY spicy--but I couldn't stop eating it.  There's also a choice of mild and medium spicy chicken dishes, and several vegetable sides.  For the price ($8 or so) and the wait (basically in and out in 3 minutes at noon), it's an excellent option.,|,
Delicious food! Friendly and speedy service! The bacon infused old fashion is amazing and a must a try. Reservations aren't that easy to get so plan ahead.,|,
My favorite fried chicken in Austin. Simple. Period. No debate. I'm not sure what they do to the chicken here, but it's fried to perfection every time. Am amazed that a chain restaurant can be this good. If there's better fried yard bird in Austin then somebody please let me know.,|,
I am very glad that there is another Mexican option in the University area, since the choices were pretty slim. Even though Taco Del Mar is a chain, I still really like them.   The best thing ever is the half size ($1 less than the regular size) shrimp burrito, $4.29 with chips and salsa $1.59.   Use the punch cards and visit on Monday for an extra punch - go on 6 Monday's and you get a free burrito on your 7th visit - very good!,|,
Had the honour to be rejected as a customer tonight because an overweight asian guy saw fit to determine I appeared drunk...??  Been going there for 15 years plus - never seen someone as rude and confrontational as this guy.   Possibly a mixture of steroid use and excess pizza slices and donuts - don't know or care - will be going to the Cat and Fiddle from now on.,|,
Family run business, yummy baked goods and great breakfast, coffee basically you won't go wrong with what you order here,|,
Great space and great food. I had the Duck Confit sandwich which was delicious. It could have been a little more fatty/juicy for my tastes, but still very enjoyable. I also ordered the pulled pork poutine which was spectacular.  Pair that up with a cool relaxed atmosphere with some nice staff and you have a great lunch venue.  The selection of breakfasts, tartines and sandwiches is extensive and not your usual boring bulk standard choices.,|,
Great drinks and they value your feed back with an iPad on the door asking for a rating. The bathrooms were locked with a keypad. Over sized chairs and plenty of seating options. Drinks were great and well made. I only wished the scrabble board was functional.,|,
This place is so seriously good. Joaquim, the chef, has the magic touch. Light crust and a amazingly tasty red sauce make the most simple of their pizzas, the Margherita, divine. For a completely satisfying and inexpensive  lunch for one, a slice will do. But if you want more, they have a great salad menu, sandwiches, and during the World Cup, small bar bites. Oh, and they have a great beer and wine selection.,|,
Cute, but service could be better! Long wait for food. Our order was wrong and they tried to tell us this is what we ordered. They were also out of a lot of their specialty foods. I would give it one more try?,|,
Self seating, took a little while for the waiter to arrive, but great service after that. Buffalo chicken Flatbread was good, medditeranean wrap with slaw was good too. Comes with A LOT of slaw, and the slaw is a bit heavy and spicey. Overall, good experience!,|,
Man after I wrote my online review the owner messaged me, not to apologize or ask if there was anything she could do to fix my experience but to make sure that I knew that the profile for Leepin Lizards on Yelp does state that they don't accept credit cards. Which, is true! But I thought that it was quite petty to point out that I should have known.,|,
Hands down-best happy hour in Boulder! Fabulous selection of happy hour cheeses, mussels, sliders and drinks. Just be sure to make your reservations or you maybe disappointed.   I also highly recommend there brunch on weekends!,|,
The Diego is the best bowl in Portland. Perfect portion. Fresh greens including rocket. And you know it's good when the flavor of the beans shine through. All the ingredients come through with fresh and balanced with just the right subtle chile spice kick. Consistent and always spot on.,|,
Delicious burgers!  I got the Voodoo mushroom burger on a wheat bun with a side salad.  The burger was cooked perfectly and the Tabasco mayo was delish!  The greens for the salad were also nice and fresh.  Will definitely visit again!,|,
The wait staff are super friendly and pretty helpful, but sometimes a little slow depending on how busy it is in there.  The food is super yummy!  I have been several times and cannot pull myself away from the Vermicelli Lover's dish.,|,
Ordered the yellow curry and it was delicious.  Was pleased to find it full of veggies and full of great flavor.,|,
Great concept. .a bit messy to eat but hit the spot.   Right next to Thai Basil so good dessert place.,|,
Not to sure about this place yet because I have only been in there like twice. The customer service is not all there like I thought it would be. It feels more like a Walmart marketplace store to me and that's my Opinion. The prices are a little high and I hate to say this but I had to talk myself in to even going inside this store. Yeah the building looks nice but the employees don't greet you like I thought they would. So please go inside and look for yourself.,|,
I absolutely love this place. Whenever I want to get out and have a guaranteed great time and great food I come here. Def 5 stars.,|,
This place is my new go to. I have been here 3 times and have always received friendly service and my nails look great. Good selection of shellac colors.,|,
The quality here is definitely a cut above chain and University cafes.  The regular drip ($2 for a small) was very good, the espresso drinks even better.  Big kudos for the pay it forward system, how heartfelt.  Owner/workers are pro doggy so another plus.  I do like to support PSU, but establishments like this make it difficult.  ...in regard to the neighbor cart, who eats hot dogs at 9:00 a.m., but I digress.,|,
Amazing sandwiches for only $2.75. The bread is fresh and crusty, the cucumbers crisp, and the carrots marinated just right. Most importantly, the coldcuts and pate they use are better than those of their nearby competitor, New Saigon Sandwiches. Highly recommended.,|,
Visited on 1/31/12 in the 6-8 range of the evening. We shared mozzarella sticks that were the tastiest I've had in a really long time. We ordered a roast beef club to go and it was delectable! :),|,
I like the vibe at Judy Jetsons, and Maureen was able to give me the cut exactly as I asked for it. Very skilled & asked the right questions, not pushy at all. Paid $48, I've paid more for cuts I didn't like.,|,
My childhood pizzeria followed me to Orlando. Use to eat at his original location in Brooklyn Ny. Taste the same.,|,
Took my wife here for Valentine's day. The place was amazing, the food was excellent and the service was on point! We will be visiting again and if you haven't dined here yet, you should!,|,
great restaurant!  we ordered the whole menu and loved everything.  reminded me of the French Laundry.,|,
My wife and I both liked it here. Food is good. Place is bright and clean. Prices are higher than most burger joints. If it didnt have the hype behind the Wahlberg  name, it wouldn't be very popular in my opinion.,|,
I get a double-meat spicy chicken bowl with brown rice for lunch several times a week.  It's like crack to me!,|,
My stay at Buena Vista Palace was a short one, one night after the Marine Corps Ball.  Pros: across the street from Downtown Disney, character breakfast (cheaper than Disney's rates), comfy beds and pillows, friendly staff, free self parking, buses to theme parks.  Cons: buffet breakfast is not terribly delicious, not gross, but mediocre.  Pool is small and nothing fun for children.  Check in will probably take a while.  This appears to be a popular hotel.,|,
Wow, I read through the reviews before eating and I must say my meal was the tastiest I have had in a while.  My friend and I went for lunch and each had one of the Bento boxes, I had the Sea Bass and it was so flakey and delicious without being overcooked.  My friends Vietnamese Beef was also really good and was complemented nicely with the crab spring roll.  Was a little pricey but well worth the splurg.,|,
The place is a bit upscale from what I'm used to. The waiter was trying too hard to be funny but I give him credit for trying. The food made this place stand out. The steak is soo delicious. I love how truffle fries. The burger was amazing as well. The only thing I'd complain about is the hostess. Seems a bit slow too be working at that kind of a restaurant. I mean slow as in not that bright. Besides that, the food is just superb.,|,
Food is good but they have no consideration  for your time. Waiter was extremely rude. Told us that it was going to be up to an hour. When we checked on our order at one hour he said it was going to be another 20 minutes. We ordered appetizers and they never came out. Waiter said "oh we'll it is what it is". Don't go here unless you have 2-3 hours to burn!!!,|,
Patio: As good as everyone says.  Food: Overpriced, but you're paying for the patio.  Servers: More hip than you. And the know it. But they don't let on that they know it.  Bathrooms: Yes, co-ed. Tastefully so. Great fun when a first-timer of the other sex walks in.  Classic Margarita: Don't bother. Bad.   Any other drink not on the menu: Won't order them, cause they can't do a classic margarita.   Drinks on the menu: They seem to have these down.   Verdict: Worth a visit when the sun is out.,|,
Great stop for some fresh and authentic food. The Colombian empanadas were great and the accompanying salsa was fresh and delicious. I wish I had more time in Orlando to work my way through their sandwich varieties.,|,
I love this place! Close to my house, closest place I can get the coolest stuff Austin has to offer. I love that I can get Buda's Brew Kombucha tea, yum! Love the lactose free stuff and my husband loves that you get the Dr. Pepper with real sugar cane and I tell all my friends near by to go by!,|,
Thierry lately has not been as good as they used to be. Same level of crowds, which is to be expected given Thierry's popularity. However, service level (attentiveness and product knowledge) has gone down and desserts lately have felt to be lacking in the wow factor they've had for several years.   Still one of my favourite washrooms for a patisserie though :P regardless, still gonna be a regular at Thierry. Hope to see service levels improve.,|,
Mr. Kevork and Dr. Murphy are both the nicest eye care professionals I've ever had.  They are kind, considerate, and understands your needs.  They greet each person individually and remember the customers.  My da' and I go to this place, and when I went for the first time last month, they remembered my da' immediately.    It is rare to find such personable and human customer service that feels one-on-one, in this day of chains, mass production, and automation.,|,
Our meal at Harvest  was delicious and wholesome, with pleasant and skilled service.  There's no way this place could get as few as three stars, in my book; the food was too good and the concept was too unique and too worthy.  I'm looking forward to going back.,|,
Banh mi is heaven always fresh and delicious. A must see if you like Vietnamese cuisine or want to try something new.   The spring rolls are amazing and the dipping sauce has just the right amount of heat. The staff is really great I just wish they would deliver to the Financial District, but hey it is worth the 12 minute walk over for the food.,|,
The food is very good here.  It is a little costly for what you get though.  Do not get the Sunday buffett, it is very subpar.  I'd rather get a reasonable amount of food and get a dish like the pernil.    The bistec empanizado is very good too but I didn't like the piccadillo much at all.  The service is very friendly and the restaurant is cozy.Solid Cuban food, but overall you could do better elsewhere.,|,
Came here because they said it was the best Italian restaurant in town. Very disappointed the service was far from southern hospitality. Took about 5 min to get greeted from our server and when we got our entrees I had hair in my food !! Sever apologize and I think she was the Manager said sorry. No compensation or any other type of apology just a oops I'm sorry, here is your check.,|,
First time dining here. We didn't know they served brunch. Mandy was our primary server, but Cy was very helpful as well. Can't say enough good things about them. Recommendations were on point and we were checked on just the right amount. Try the French toast and the pesto croissant. We will definitely be back.,|,
Holiday weekend. Crowded. Noisy. Not a bad atmosphere. I was a little surprised at the price of a lobster roll. Shame on me for not fully realizing the market price. Good service for a busy day.,|,
Fridays is a decent Resturant in terms the atmosphere an Décor but the food was horrible the cheese was burnt on my plate the chicken was dry an chewy I couldn't finish it, the silverware was cloudy an didn't look clean..I had to ask for plastic, the waitress was okay but the overall experience wasn't pleasant, I wouldn't return to dine there again.,|,
Mexican Vanilla!!!!! Theres no place like amys . theres no place like amys,|,
It's Shopper's. It's kind of understaffed, but it has all the Shopper's-y stuff you need, except bus tickets.,|,
Typical Uno - nothing stood out as exceptional nor was there anything wrong - just want I expect from Pizzeria Uno.    I had the chili for lunch - only one bowl although it came with free refills.     My server was also the bartender as they seated me in the bar area even though there were clearly other tables and servers available.   It was lunch so not a problem but found this a little odd.    Joe's Crabshack did the same thing the day before so maybe this is typical of this area.,|,
Typically like this location but today the assistant manager had an attitude toward the guest in front of me and with a line 7 people waiting, moved slower than needed as if to be rude to them on purpose. Desiree was her name. Only noting in order to possibly help fix that going forward.,|,
Tibeten food is pretty bland but the elegance of Rangzen and the large number of interesting choices on the menu make the trip worth it.   I ordered an appetizer that consisted of mashed potatoes mixed with spiced greens and onions which was then rolled into bread and fried.  Pretty tasty.    Expect to pay about 12-20 for dinner though.,|,
One of the few shining, innovative restaurants in the city. Same level as L'Oca D'Oro and Launderette. Enjoy the Goat Barbacoa and a bottle of wine.,|,
Very, VERY good, just not stellar. Loses a few points on service and value, but location and food are great. Been there several times and keep going back. See attached photos - if those don't convince you, nothing will...,|,
Top notch service. It's a casual environment so very family friendly. We've been bringing our 3 year old here for a long time--he loves it and they treat him like part of the family. But don't let that fool you, this place has the best Neapolitan pizza in Clark county. The ice cream is really good too.,|,
Great food, great beer for Thursday night football. Huge tv for the game. I'll be back,|,
Just got an egg biscuit. I was so pleased!! It was hot fresh plenty of egg.  Perfect on this rainy day.,|,
I'm going 4 star because of the overall experience. I would give the pizza a 3 and the service a 5. Choosing your pizza and the price is a plus. The sauce has a good zing to it but for whatever reason, and I think in my case it was the cooked tomatoes, the crust became soggy in the middle. I give the crust a 3. Overall fun and decent pizza for a good price.,|,
Dig this Irish Pub.  Authentic beer, food, music and service.  The clam chowder is one of the best of Boston, hearty and full of flavor.  Be careful about ordering the bowl, because I am pretty sure that the soup bowls other job is a serving dish.  Couldn't even finish the bowl and that was all I had!  The laid back Irish atmosphere is perfect for a lazy afternoon or getting together with friends or family.,|,
My daughters always have a great time here, but they are on the verge of becoming a victim of their own success.  Went today and it was just crazily chaotic!  I think an online appointment system for tables, secured with a credit card would be a great idea.  I found myself wincing when I read the "You are entering a stress free zone" lettering on the door.  Even my 12 year old twins called BS on that (not in so many words, natch); I had a pounding headache when we left.,|,
Had high hopes for this place, but these guys are like really pushy car salesman, asking too many questions. Couldn't just look around.,|,
Long wait, small plate, food was blah. Will not be coming back too many options around the area. No rice or chicken shwarma. Price wise I'd get chipotle with guac 10 out of ten times instead of chicken with some bean soup and a couple pieces of lettuce with dressing.,|,
Volcano has found the sweet spot for price and quality. I've been three times a week since first learning about the restaurant. It has replaced my old go-to, even though it's nowhere near my home.  The service is great. The toro and Thailand Roll are amazing (and inexpensive). If you're on a budget they have a great lunch special for $6.95 with many options.  I highly recommend!,|,
Canned olives and flat flavor for everything else.  I did like the crust, but the toppings weren't worth the price.  When I can taste metal in the olives, something is wrong.  They use canned ingredients.  Massively disappointing.,|,
Came in for lunch the other day and had the mans man burger which was great. The issue was with the service.  It wasnt even that busy and service wasnt  very attentive and was slow.,|,
Arrived around 9am,the place was packed already.was lucky and got a seat at bar,super friendly staff.fricassee was just great, very hearty but gooooood...!mimosa tasted like a normal mimosa to me,but was yummy nevertheless... Great breakfast place. Acoustics kinda suck tho, it is very loud, but if you like the livelier restaurants,you'll be just  fine...,|,
We were looking for a brunch place in Sommervile and everywhere was super packed but then we found this cozy place and the food was very good! We got Chipotle Eggs with a bagel on the side. The eggs were creamy and tasty. I liked the sandwich I got although the chip portion was on the small side. The chai was one of the best I've had!  The place has a good vibe to study and work. Overall good.,|,
So disappointed in customer service.   Was excited to meet Jamie and called and text to her following cut and color and no reply or call back.  Paid full price for cut and had to find a new stylist at another salon to shorten the length a little.,|,
Best vegan comfort food in Portland! My favorite is the Mac & Cheese Panini - it's heavenly. Even my non-vegan friends and fam love the food here! Really nice staff too, but they need a better system for taking orders. A note pad and/or repeat the order back to customers. We've gotten the wrong order several times, which is especially an issue for my gluten-free family members. Besides this, I highly recommend it!,|,
This place is super cute and I may have to say that it and Avery are tied for my favorite Boulder Brewerys. Definitely try the berry wheat!,|,
the student was nice, the reception area and greeting desk were not receptive to me as a walk in .  It seemed they tried to talk me out of coming in for services.,|,
$2.50 pints of great Oregon beers! My server helped me choose one I liked with descriptions and free samples. The gnocchi was tasty, but a little too oily. Sat with my laptop and a book for an hour and a half without being bothered. Will definitely return!,|,
i have eaten food from there a few times.  it is good.  i don't like sitting there to eat though.  it is really empty and it seems like no one wants you to stay thee and eat.  i wish the staff at the register had more personality.  i went on Monday to pick up a couple of wraps and she wasn't very nice at all.  i hate that.   favorite wraps: blacked fish and falafel wrap on red pepper wrap. kind of pricey though.,|,
It's not Lee's Hoagie House (Philly) but it's the best in Austin and it's a chain at that. If they could only fly in Amoroso's rolls....,|,
My shoulders and arms are feeling 15 years younger after a wonderful 90 minute massage with Shekia Richard.  She's strong, skilled, affordable and friendly. Unfortunately, she's looking for a new location her lease is up soon.  So if you want to set up an appointment with her in 2016 you may have to search for Shekia Richard at another location.,|,
Pretty dang good. Their burgers are always amazing, and their fries are almost the best in town. No take out, but that's sometimes a good thing. It tastes better fresh. Gyro burger!,|,
Go for the Brussels sprouts.   We ordered a bunch of dishes, but those Brussels sprouts really stood out. You won't be disappointed.,|,
Walked into the first coffee place I saw when leaving the courthouse. Got a salted caramel affogato. So good I'm almost glad I got called for jury-duty.,|,
Depends what you order.  Not a hot lobster that's for sure. Beer and steamed shellfish? Sure. Nice atmosphere.,|,
The decor is really beautiful, music is nice. The staffs are friendly and quick service!! I got a matcha espresso and a strawberry fresh cream cake, they were delicious. Especially, I love the bear chocolate cake, it's the cutest cake that I have ever seen!! I will buy one for my next birthday,|,
Unique donuts, but I didn't like them that much cause they weren't as flavorful as they sound. Like lemon poppyseed - poppy seeds on top, but not much else. They're on the crunchier side, rather than soft just fyi,|,
I only wish there were a place like this closer to where I lived.  The food was good, and the prices reasonable.  This is also one of the cleanest hotpot restaurants I've been to before.  While the lunch special wasn't enough to fill me up on its own, you can add sides of meat for only $4 more.  On a cold Boston day, this place totally hit the spot.,|,
Service was pretty good. Friendly enough. Wings were terrible. Quesadilla was average at best. Beer was cold. Shots were generous. Race cars looked cool.,|,
Great house tequila shots, but overall this was an extremely noisy experience. Music was absolutely blasting by the bar and I couldn't hear myself think.,|,
Defiantly a 5 stars for Airport food! Probably 4 or 4.5 outside of the airport. If your at the ATL airport do yourself a favor and head over to terminal E.,|,
I love this store and everything they offer but  hardly buy anything due to the extremely high prices. For the quality of the items the price does not match. The whole house would be bought here if their prices were lower.,|,
Meh, I've been here a couple times. It's been just OK for me. Nothing special, although the Tiramisu is prett\y good. Other baked goods have been OK, The Misses didn't love the bread (or rice, I can't remember) pudding, and those are her favorite things. Atmosphere and service are OK, but not stellar. Coffee is good and strong. Hot chocolate is blech. Again, overall OK,  but just OK.,|,
I'm a huge fan now.  Good atmosphere, great food, and great late night.  A true gem in back bay / fenway.,|,
If you are from SF: this is where Marina young professionals go when they are in college in Boston. It is huge! Multi floors with pool tables, video game floor, dance club. Very white baseball cap, and "it may be -15 degrees out but I won't wear a coat" ladies. Bostonians: Hit this place up mid week for a few drinks and an attempt at Dance Dance Revolution.,|,
This place seems like a bargain to me.  When you go to other bakeries, what do they ever have for less than a dollar beside little cookies?  I am never quite sure what anything is but I think that is half of the fun.  Try the Angel Cream cheese bun, it is my favorite.,|,
I had visited Flying Fish on my previous trip to Orlando some 15 years earlier.  We enjoyed the restaurant so much on that trip, we altered plans and ate here twice.  No doubt there was an new executive chef, but I hoped it was still good.  And it was.  I had the seafood bisque, crab cakes, and scallops.  All were excellent.  A little pricy, but no shock having just come from NYC.  Service was perfect.  I know the restaurant is do for a make-over.  I hope they maintain the quality of seafood.,|,
I've never had their food, but from what people say it isn't bad, especially the crab rangoons.  I've been here in the evening  once (or was it twice?) and what stands out to me is that there is Karaoke...  ...every night.  The place is always full of washed up 30-40 somethings who have nothing better to do than come sing someone else's songs after work.  Many of them get pretty drunk and look as if they need to be wearing lampshades as accessories to their loosened ties.,|,
I got to try Roaring Pork on a Sunday Brunch before leaving Austin. The setting and ambient of the restaurant make me feel very cozy and I love all the big windows looking outside. I sat at a booth with a couple of my friends, we order some appetizers to share, the one that stood out to me was the fried avocado. It was amazing, I would eat all of it myself but I got to share... I want to take my husband here when we go visit Austin again.,|,
Went in at 9:22pm and was told that I could only do take out. There was only one person seated who was eating. The sign said they closed for 10pm.  Not good business if they turn people away because they don't feel like staying a little late to clean. My girlfriend and I only planned on getting a small pizza because we were hungry and wanted to be out of the cold. We will not be trying this place again.,|,
I have one simple but important complaint. They have a tendency to run out of food at night. I just went there and they told me they were out of burgers. All they had was chicken and no lettuce. That's beyond horrible for a restaurant called Burger King. Skip this place. Don't go here.,|,
went to this place today and was pleasantly surprised. coming from the dmv i was expecting run of the mill brown flavor fro yo but this place had some amazing flavored like golden milk and raspberry hibiscus. the staff was helpful and patient and generally kind would recommend this place for its creativity and kind employees.,|,
These guys just opened and this is a legit place to get coffee. And their pastries are amazing!,|,
Great beers, great talks. If you want to go to a trash bag bar, go down the street. If you want a classy bar with great ambiance, Hit up Mystic Station. Beers are all great and the owner is constantly looking for ways to make your experience better. The art they are working on to advertise their beer list is unreal. Come by for a great bite to eat and a beer, and I will see you here. Also thanksgiving eve here will be great.,|,
One of the better music venues in Austin.  Great jazz and blues.  It is down the stairs in a basement off Congress Ave.  Intersting decor.  The live jazz band playing the night we were there was just fantastic.  Amazing for a venue like this.    Drinks were good and not overpriced.  Bar has some appetizers available also.   Nice stop for some great music in Austin town.,|,
I got breakfast and my hubby got sandwich.  Both were good. we thought the portion was smaller than expected. but the quality was very good.,|,
If you want to have gut wrenching, well, gut pain for your entire flight, definitely eat here before boarding. 7 hours later, still waiting for whatever this is to pass. the food didn't taste great on the way in either.,|,
Very very fresh food. I'm not Cuban but this is my favorite Cuban joint in Boston area so far.,|,
Sadly, I haven't been to Pekoe in the last few months, but for three years I was a regular, once-a-week patron as I worked part-time in the neighborhood until recently.  They've got a nice variety of fresh teas, but my favorite is the chai. Good stuff. And for a slight fee they'll add chocolate to any beverage. That's the way life should be.,|,
I have been going to Judy Jetson's for four years and have always been more than happy. I'm currently seeing David who is amazing and hilarious. But everyone is great. These are really professional designers and they're great at managing expectations. They will help you get the style you want with the hair you have, but they won't let you go home with the wrong haircut. I love this place!,|,
The best donuts I have ever had in my life! The doughnut variety is absolutely insane but the actual batter for the donuts is by far the best I have ever had, not even close. I tried the Peanut Butter Oreo and was in heaven from the first bite.   The doughnut was so good i went back the next night and got the captain crunch doughnut, which if it wasn't for my love of peanut butter would have beat the Peanut Butter Oreo doughnut.,|,
Went to Whitewood for lunch. Nothing fancy about the restaurant, but clean and has outdoor seating. Seating is limited so on a busy night I can imagine it's hard to find a seat. I got the Hermes Fusion Wrap with chicken-- OMG delicious! Great prices, good food.. Looking forward to going back!,|,
Who knew you could find nice GF baked goods and smoothies at a pharmacy? Nice austin vibe, ill be back. smoothies are pricey at 6+ bucks,|,
I've been waiting for one to open in Austin. I always stop by one every time I go to New York Chinatown. The staff are nice. I drive all the way from Round Rock for the treat. Great selection and love they only add sugar by request.,|,
Beautiful and delicious sweets!! Almost too pretty to eat. I only wish they had a larger patio area. There wasn't any room to sit so we took it to go.,|,
Hands down THE BEST food we ate while in Vancouver!   We got the fried pork ribs, skirt steak salad, and yellow curry. Holy shit! Sooo good!! It's a great place to go if you're into sharing and eating family style. We would have tried everything if our stomachs allowed it!  The place is pretty small and I'm not sure if they take reservations but we came on a Saturday night and they were able to accommodate us quickly. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was cool. Highly recommend!,|,
I tried a little bit of everything, but my favorite and what it seems that they're known for are the pupusas, which reminded me of gorditas or at least the ones I've eaten. They're stuffed tortillas and they are greasy good. My only complaint is that if you're known for them, you shouldn't skimp on the "stuffing". They're on the thin side, which may be how they're traditionally served or how this place does it.,|,
Just sat at the bar at Bonchon for 10 minutes with employees checking out the first aid kit...no service...chicken is awesome but is clear why the place is empty.,|,
The piercing and everything was good but I didn't like that I had to pay for the piercing and the jewelry which range from $55+. Also if you want to set up an appointment they make you submit a deposit that is the price of the piercing you get. Honestly if I went somewhere else I would've spent less than $70 for the same quality piercing with way better jewelry for free. Also the deposit is a separate price from your piercing and you do not get back.,|,
Just steps from my office. Great place to catch a really great hot chocolate and catch up on emails. Highly recommend!,|,
Went here for a date night - we had the lamb and the scallops, both of which were great. The drinks from the bar were a little too pricey and not as tasty as we expected. Service was impeccable though. We let them know when we made the reservation that it would be our first time here, and they were very accommodating.,|,
Service: poor Atmosphere: poor, loud, messy People: impatient  Never again.,|,
I split the good wolf burrito with my sister.  It was delicious and was enough for us both. And the bartender john was a delightful and informative conversationalist. Ask him about beer!,|,
It is quite good. Nice, classy place to drop by when you are in SoCo for a cocktail and lunch. At lease that is what I did. I do recommend their fried oysters. They are lovely! Same with a mimosa. Go for a batch!,|,
Donuts here are very good, there's just a little something missing and I don't really know what. I don't know. There's just something about them that it's missing. Still very good though.,|,
Sat at the bar. Place is nice with all of their tequilas on display. Had the plantains agave and the chicken tacos. Tacos were pretty tasty but I was hooked on the plantains. My friend got the veggie tacos and margaritas. She didn't think they were very strong. Nice laid back atmosphere and the music was really good. It had a nice Spanish vibe. Will be back.,|,
I can only comment on the smoked turkey that a friend had to drop by to get.  It was delicious with very good smoke flavor and just incredibly moist.  Can vouch for delicious smoked turkey.  Yum!,|,
Amazing Fantastic Perfection Excellent Show Stopper Brilliance Original One Of A Kind Every experience I've had here has been positive and definitely worth the price this place has become part of my own UT tradition,|,
Totally obsessed with this place, the tacos for $2 on Tuesdays, the quesadillas and tostadas are all amazing and the Mint Limade is so delicioso!! And I have to mention the fresh tortillas - - just make you happy!!  :)  Fresh food, fast and the staff is always friendly!  I go weekly (sometimes more) - awesome spot!,|,
Two thumbs up from me: friendly, quick, and the atmosphere is top notch. Hope to be back some day.,|,
Pizza here is delicious. I tried it once a few years ago and kept telling my hubby we had to order from Mr. G's one of these days. Finally did and he was not disappointed. Kept saying "Mr. G's gets two thumbs up."  My daughter - who never asks for seconds, took a second huge slice and gobbled the whole thing.,|,
What a fun place!  I have many fond memories of work functions at the Crab.  The live music, and above average seafood are great, but the outdoor bar raises the Crab to a whole new level.  It's getting more and more popular, especially with the after-work crowd, so get here early on Thursdays and Fridays.,|,
Hub Pub is so Boston. They have beer.  It's tucked away on Province St.  They have some food.  It's usually a regular type of crowd or people that just happened to stumble in.  There's absolutely nothing destinguishing about this place except that if you are in a last ditch effort to get some food before last call and aren't drunk enough for "street meat" off a cart- this isn't a bad option...,|,
This is a cute coffee shop in West Newton- although the place is a little hard to find. I was surprised at their coffee serving! I ordered a large Mocha and it was came in a GIGANTIC cup! They have upstairs seating which is perfect for students to camp out and study. There's also free wifi too. My only complaint (and the reason that it's a four star, and not a five star) - the quiche wasn't that great, and it was served to me cold.,|,
Wonderful experience. It is advised that you call in or reserve a table before you go as it is very crowded. Price is good for quality.,|,
Downtown noodle house on 5th street. Prices here are kind of steep for a bowl of noodle soup - the wanton soup is almost 9$. Food here is more singaporean/malaysian influenced than cantonese but is heavily westernized for the downtown crowd - you will need to specify how spicey you want your soup or else you will get the bland broth.,|,
Amazing happy hour. Accommodated a group of 45 on short notice. Great Paloma. Amazing and quick service. Hider was awesome. Great patio! Had so much fun.,|,
Pretty little place, unexpected in a strip shopping center next to Rite-Aid. The interior is lovely, as well as its beautiful outdoor patio in back.  In previous years, I found the food and service was much better. Both have lapsed a bit, but I'll keep going back in hopes of it finding its way to excellence again. Very cool neighborhood restaurant.,|,
I purchased a new GE washer and dryer set on a Monday morning the appliances were delivered on Wednesday afternoon. I have washed and dried at least 20 loads since I had the machines and thus far, I have not had any problems or issues. The appliances were budget-friendly and I was given great service and the men who delivered my appliances were extra carefully not to scratch or damage them.,|,
I eat here all the time but the takeout phone service is lacking. I had called two weekends in a row to order out and was told that they were not taking orders for takeout  cause they were too busy. The staff was short toned and sorta rude. I understand being slammed but have some better customer service.,|,
I went when they first opened and both the food and service were so-so.  They have definitely improved.  Wait staff is attentive and friendly and the enchiladas are OUTSTANDING!  I really like the smoky, warm red sauce. The outside patio is very nice.  Great to have a place so close. This is definitely not your father's Jaime's.,|,
DELICIOUS doughnuts!  Coffee is great too.  Get there early before they run out of maple bacon among the many greats!,|,
Normally, Great Clips gives average service but it's fairly cheap and quick, so I go. Portia, at this location, was the best stylist I've had in the 5 years I've been going! I'll be coming back to this location for sure.,|,
An old fashioned restaraunt. It was quite and seems like a place that elderly people would like as the only people isaw eating here were elderly.   It took a while for someone to come and help me and  then it took a while for my food come out. I oredered a flat iron steak abd it was alright. Nothingh special about this place but its not that bad,|,
The music was ok and had it not been breezy the cigars and cigarettes would have been off putting but the service was awesome (5 star) and the food was so flavorful and delicious that I would certainly come back again and again.